hatespeechradio mentions:
  @gaustenbooks: 1 times
champagnemanoir mentions:
  @FrancaPorter: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
emperoranton mentions:
  @Ohdoctah: 1 times
  @micah: 1 times
  @sarahrobinson: 1 times
seattlelawgirl mentions:
  @HeckmanMedical: 1 times
  @Seattlelawgirl: 1 times
fridayluv mentions:
  @blove212: 2 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @genedthecure: 1 times
  @joshwink1: 1 times
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @fitnessnewslist: 1 times
  @Argenispaul: 1 times
  @npyskater: 1 times
susiecheng mentions:
  @cityrat59: 1 times
  @bizzybee: 1 times
  @KoalaChris: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @IamKat: 1 times
  @DanicaR: 1 times
  @chibbigirl: 1 times
  @cybette: 1 times
  @gillie: 1 times
  @amayer: 1 times
  @susiecheng: 1 times
digitalchiro mentions:
  @GrantGriffiths: 1 times
roadcyclingblog mentions:
jaq518 mentions:
xatstilo mentions:
  @francesamerikey: 1 times
  @TracyReneeJones: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @xatstilo: 1 times
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
teecrane mentions:
  @: 2 times
  @SaroJaneB: 1 times
curiousillusion mentions:
  @MarcJenner: 1 times
  @curiousillusion: 1 times
khopkinson mentions:
  @CobrokeNation: 1 times
  @Realtyshark: 1 times
  @blancameza: 1 times
  @Golowfee: 1 times
  @TNbase: 1 times
  @joeworkman: 1 times
  @spslferg: 1 times
  @perfectquarters: 1 times
  @khopkinson: 1 times
wow2000 mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @LisaMRicci: 1 times
  @peteravalos: 1 times
  @Memaloose: 1 times
  @Aislinnye24: 1 times
  @SantyAdh: 1 times
  @feblub: 1 times
  @diveke: 1 times
status247 mentions:
davidbw mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
enamoredsoul mentions:
  @krist0ph3r: 1 times
susanboylescat mentions:
  @sockingtion: 1 times
  @fleurus: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
buyselldomains mentions:
  @nametrader: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
area224 mentions:
altro mentions:
  @ProfessorQB: 1 times
shikhabirdie mentions:
  @Youthpad: 1 times
  @pappeitis: 1 times
  @annkur: 1 times
  @blingbang: 1 times
  @kitz007: 1 times
elekauderer mentions:
  @: 1 times
podgypanda mentions:
  @popupnz: 1 times
  @dragatomi: 1 times
  @artransmitte: 1 times
tracygardner mentions:
  @goforyourdream: 1 times
  @EdEntrepreneur: 1 times
smartzombie mentions:
  @ronnihannon: 1 times
  @blissdesigns: 1 times
  @toadjumps: 1 times
  @JoanneMatthews: 1 times
frjamescoles mentions:
  @ThePresbyCat: 1 times
promedium mentions:
  @JesseNewhart: 1 times
  @Mashable: 1 times
aaronbyrnes mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @aaronbyrnes: 1 times
  @Azizshalan: 1 times
  @blove212: 1 times
  @lisakifttherapy: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
getris mentions:
  @prizuy: 1 times
bestfoodbaby mentions:
  @queenmisha: 1 times
  @Adamfyre: 1 times
peacefulwarrior mentions:
  @GeoffWigz: 1 times
outrage_designs mentions:
  @witchyangel11: 1 times
themocks mentions:
  @laanasofia: 1 times
  @Delhotel: 1 times
  @themocks: 1 times
  @Tatanka: 1 times
  @LGKING: 1 times
  @bernardoprieto: 1 times
  @Ashauri: 1 times
  @Elebleu: 1 times
  @castorbastida: 1 times
  @elgatoraro: 1 times
  @alicarrera: 1 times
libertygrrrl mentions:
  @Bluenscottish: 2 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @VERSATILEMUSIC: 1 times
  @Laradolilly: 1 times
  @libertyg: 1 times
oh_danny_boy mentions:
  @javagrma: 1 times
  @amyrangel: 1 times
  @bemale: 1 times
  @onebailey: 1 times
  @dnajd: 1 times
  @jackin1: 1 times
  @jamiecreates: 1 times
  @arbonnelady: 1 times
jennruss mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @deighed: 1 times
  @ertyptin: 1 times
  @jenruss: 1 times
  @LockeDown815: 1 times
annamartins mentions:
  @AdolfoM: 1 times
  @Dputamadre: 1 times
edo_au mentions:
jhillstephens mentions:
  @saxplaya07: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
gymsnearby mentions:
  @Joe: 1 times
  @urbanfly: 1 times
  @jds: 1 times
  @willfrancis: 1 times
  @rhysisterix: 1 times
  @teebiscuit: 1 times
  @Ihatecvh: 1 times
  @murphydjs: 1 times
  @gymsnearby: 1 times
  @evangineer: 1 times
  @amanda: 1 times
  @missgosh: 1 times
odegarden mentions:
  @FriFagbevegelse: 1 times
  @nestenSivJensen: 1 times
  @DagTerjeA: 1 times
  @IngvildAnita: 1 times
  @TorgeirM: 1 times
  @eidsvag: 1 times
  @fmellem: 1 times
  @nicecap: 1 times
  @OdaRygh: 1 times
  @StigVoll: 1 times
lakenormanhomes mentions:
  @pourme: 1 times
  @LakeNormanHomes: 1 times
  @vja4041: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @SWDefense: 1 times
  @agracing: 1 times
  @leftturngirl: 1 times
  @Murfbsurfn78: 1 times
tolisv mentions:
  @paulonair: 1 times
momentbymoment1 mentions:
  @whitsundays: 1 times
checkandmate mentions:
  @butterflymaven: 1 times
  @checkandmate: 1 times
  @livejoy: 1 times
grfollowfriday mentions:
  @brexians: 1 times
  @ghatzidakis: 1 times
  @mvelveretro: 1 times
  @nikoLios: 1 times
  @ngeor: 1 times
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @cathpain: 1 times
  @sotostips: 1 times
  @firefairy1: 1 times
doc_remy mentions:
  @amarillovein: 1 times
  @amarillolaser: 1 times
fizzlew mentions:
  @fakedonnie: 1 times
topfollowfriday mentions:
  @kamshatimi: 1 times
floetry mentions:
  @Bluefinch: 1 times
  @TheHwicceMan: 1 times
gillardg mentions:
  @mozartrules: 1 times
  @Phyneprint: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @RetardedJamie: 1 times
  @Ursy919: 1 times
  @scollard62: 1 times
bluefinch mentions:
  @webstl: 1 times
the_grim_weeder mentions:
  @R71: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @Flowersplus: 1 times
  @lindiop: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @StevenHales: 1 times
  @AngryBritain: 1 times
  @FantasticFish: 1 times
  @DanielFielding: 1 times
  @amykate: 1 times
  @Markable: 1 times
hugonator mentions:
  @SocialMediaMo: 1 times
  @HUGONATOR: 1 times
theexpert mentions:
belovelloso mentions:
  @Masrmar: 1 times
  @dogococker: 1 times
  @stevebunyan: 1 times
  @noguinho: 1 times
  @artedigital: 1 times
  @culinaria: 1 times
  @thamine: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @copperfield: 1 times
ipodtouchdj mentions:
  @CarinaK: 1 times
  @bishoplamont: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
  @EmmaZizza: 1 times
  @SarahKSilverman: 1 times
  @JessicaSimpson: 1 times
  @meredithob: 1 times
colonelcrockett mentions:
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @gokrissygo: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @paulsteele: 1 times
  @pussreboots: 1 times
  @bearfanron: 1 times
  @donotgiveup: 1 times
mk_woody mentions:
  @WoodyNds: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
grantmc mentions:
  @mastershortie: 1 times
smarterpoker mentions:
  @freebettips: 1 times
  @eastendersnews: 1 times
numitwite mentions:
  @tmarisco: 1 times
jcrossland mentions:
  @jamonwhite: 1 times
buddydogcast mentions:
  @AlfieBooNubbins: 1 times
  @petmayorcontest: 1 times
  @FurryTravelers: 1 times
  @Goldenmama: 1 times
  @karinfalkes: 1 times
  @3jacksdogbakery: 1 times
foliosociety mentions:
  @florianseroussi: 2 times
nishajl mentions:
  @mickyates: 1 times
ruthmedia mentions:
  @Essexcourier: 1 times
leaser_r mentions:
  @PeterPek: 1 times
  @joshuapatrick25: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
radiosite mentions:
  @belovelloso: 1 times
  @kappa704@thehrgoddess: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @radiosite: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @LauraJDaley: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
dasmybaby mentions:
  @lovegift: 1 times
  @DitaVonTeese: 1 times
  @imogenheap: 1 times
  @sammyejdouglas: 1 times
  @VAMParties: 1 times
amalari mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @GalleryVittoria: 1 times
  @wekema: 1 times
  @Amalari: 1 times
  @DAVIDVGOLIATH: 1 times
  @MomMaven: 1 times
tinainmelbourne mentions:
  @TimmySabre: 1 times
dgirl48_ang mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @seebaeren: 1 times
  @Tutu4lulu: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @dgirl48ang: 1 times
  @JGDemas: 1 times
  @djdabblin: 1 times
jaysingh mentions:
  @PatrickDriessen: 1 times
hortovanyi mentions:
  @nyxpru: 1 times
  @PaulRasmussen: 1 times
  @djskee: 1 times
  @alyssaMilano: 1 times
  @hortovanyi: 1 times
  @gregorycollins: 1 times
  @Time: 1 times
  @lebrun: 1 times
  @MSWindows: 1 times
_ldinka mentions:
  @Piratkareg: 1 times
  @EnglishWebmarks: 1 times
  @MrAdiot: 1 times
  @Boristotel: 1 times
  @kinomelochi: 1 times
  @Akumaneko: 1 times
  @WhiteMouse: 1 times
  @Jewelina: 1 times
  @highspirits1: 1 times
  @MarsEclipse: 1 times
petaronline mentions:
  @stefanbsp: 1 times
  @PetarOnline: 1 times
  @brunolovesbrit: 1 times
  @Zonche: 1 times
  @Bexclusive: 1 times
  @IfUSeeekHannah: 1 times
  @themunny: 1 times
  @Toxikica: 1 times
  @poorbritney: 1 times
in10tionologist mentions:
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @ScreamingEagle1: 1 times
tonerforautism mentions:
  @TMS01: 1 times
  @FortuneGod: 1 times
  @LadyJE: 1 times
  @dirfloortime: 1 times
  @mikewasmer: 1 times
  @JenLaviano: 1 times
  @OfficeDivvy: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @bethlayne: 1 times
  @Autismneed: 1 times
  @Adrianasimo: 1 times
czarque mentions:
  @IvyEmeraldGowns: 1 times
rochelleveturis mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @AKGirlNextDoor: 1 times
  @MannyCortez: 1 times
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
  @southparkkenny: 1 times
  @ISOLABELLA: 1 times
  @SerendipityJane: 1 times
twoshirts mentions:
  @PlantWPurpose: 1 times
ciaobella50 mentions:
  @DonGoyo29: 1 times
  @jakemcclain: 1 times
  @Sweetnote: 1 times
  @lonewolfotr: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @gaudart: 1 times
  @natali: 1 times
jenivere mentions:
  @Jenivere: 1 times
  @Johnboyy: 1 times
krystalrenee24 mentions:
  @QBKILLA: 1 times
marclehmann mentions:
  @froosh: 1 times
  @tygerbone: 1 times
  @DDsD: 1 times
  @ssharwood: 1 times
  @fridley: 1 times
  @aqualung: 1 times
  @hwijaya: 1 times
  @kcarruthers: 1 times
  @corneliu: 1 times
  @lachlanhardy: 1 times
  @stephenmbell: 1 times
  @trib: 1 times
fustat mentions:
  @neobot01: 1 times
  @voteforiran: 1 times
  @shahrzadmo: 1 times
  @freehoder: 1 times
  @willyong: 1 times
angelinamolluso mentions:
  @manatmouse: 1 times
nanachtoronto mentions:
  @revznexus: 1 times
twan_who mentions:
  @nicholefingers: 1 times
  @twanwho@mazibby: 1 times
  @titoburroughs: 1 times
  @realtalkheem@brianoneal@iamdre@plusmodelnikki: 1 times
robin_cardstore mentions:
  @yellowgoatetsy: 1 times
jaxlicurse mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @tracieramos: 1 times
  @animesnob: 1 times
  @jaycous: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
808manong mentions:
  @smile4mepatty: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @teamsoteria: 1 times
  @HeatherBts: 1 times
  @DvinMsM: 1 times
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
dr_share_d mentions:
  @druw: 1 times
  @jorgeepower: 2 times
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
  @withoutemotion: 1 times
  @billiebaty: 1 times
eatdrinkbekerry mentions:
  @redpr: 1 times
  @eatdrinkbekerry: 1 times
  @sleemol: 1 times
  @mediahunter: 1 times
  @ckraine: 1 times
  @bannermania: 1 times
  @ourbrisbane: 1 times
edwinsng mentions:
  @RainerGS: 2 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMORTG: 1 times
  @VeronicaTanBK: 1 times
rcdellara mentions:
  @ShariJ01: 1 times
  @usairforce: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @qascat: 1 times
  @ThankYouSoldier: 1 times
  @AbleVeterans: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @NavyCS: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @USOofIllinois: 1 times
twochix1 mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @lindastrasberg: 1 times
  @stephdanforth: 1 times
  @jessaluna: 1 times
  @BabyStrizzy: 1 times
  @PiscesShark: 1 times
  @NitaNay: 1 times
  @ImaniLust: 1 times
  @uniquedee3: 1 times
  @dac00lest: 1 times
rickbakas mentions:
  @: 1 times
thisbeer mentions:
  @tastytouringearly: 1 times
  @thisbeerOther: 1 times
  @wnorris3: 1 times
  @bobbyHeugel: 1 times
  @tipsytexan: 1 times
  @lucybart: 1 times
wineharlots mentions:
  @RickBakas: 1 times
neurosceptic mentions:
  @unloveablesteve: 1 times
  @girlsour: 1 times
  @MizzTeeze: 1 times
  @colonelcrow: 1 times
  @jgirl70: 1 times
  @portiswasp: 1 times
  @spamitis: 1 times
  @MistressStorm: 1 times
  @johnrshanley: 1 times
  @TonyLetts: 1 times
amassingham mentions:
  @sexydetective: 1 times
rocketman528 mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @missclariss: 1 times
  @StilettoJill: 1 times
  @MissFarrah: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @CatherineQ: 1 times
  @twishTJ: 1 times
crushtor mentions:
  @ChrisAxe: 1 times
  @eatmycereal: 1 times
  @VerdigrisVie: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @genericwit: 1 times
  @JPRocks: 1 times
  @metalmelodique: 1 times
seancallanan mentions:
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
tonicke mentions:
  @annabanana25: 1 times
  @ohmylacy: 2 times
  @kaisah: 1 times
  @Apocalyptica: 1 times
urbanperspectiv mentions:
  @LadyHawke41: 1 times
atlprincess mentions:
  @wbayasiii: 1 times
  @atlprincess: 1 times
extremejohn mentions:
  @CodeSucker: 1 times
  @dragonblogger: 1 times
  @Laura330: 1 times
  @MMAMAFIAnet: 1 times
  @Focuzmedia: 1 times
nana_mex mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
amandarobins mentions:
  @UltimateWAHDads: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
gtvone mentions:
  @50ftwoman: 1 times
vipvirtualsols mentions:
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @Dawizonline: 1 times
bigzflygerian mentions:
  @HDkelz: 1 times
  @saseurogang: 1 times
  @BigzFlygerian: 1 times
  @itsbashy: 1 times
rebeccamezzino mentions:
  @awebdesigner: 1 times
  @rebeccamezzino: 1 times
tamaraschilling mentions:
  @PowerCV: 1 times
dietsolution mentions:
  @blogyourworld: 1 times
  @zeddesarts: 1 times
  @Amethyst09: 1 times
  @BrianAdkins1: 1 times
stinginthetail mentions:
  @JaredWoods: 1 times
  @SATAN: 1 times
freocookster mentions:
  @C2030Summit: 1 times
  @echosix: 1 times
  @PFF2009: 1 times
  @freocookster: 1 times
  @parissite: 1 times
  @videojosh: 1 times
  @grum: 1 times
  @tealou: 1 times
amms09 mentions:
  @C2030Summit: 1 times
  @echosix: 1 times
  @PFF2009: 1 times
  @freocookster: 1 times
  @parissite: 1 times
  @videojosh: 1 times
  @grum: 1 times
  @tealou: 1 times
kateedwards mentions:
  @Lovelyera: 1 times
  @MadameInk: 1 times
orthodoxyelizab mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @questlove: 1 times
  @Orthodoxyelizab: 1 times
  @cjohnson9: 1 times
  @blogdenotas: 1 times
justananomaly mentions:
  @Shoq: 1 times
sharonkone mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
tammyburnell mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
jonhutson mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
adamsconsulting mentions:
  @cyberdad: 1 times
siahoney mentions:
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @dronsayro: 1 times
  @davidhoang: 1 times
  @thedrich: 1 times
  @jesseluna: 1 times
  @ericdlcruz: 1 times
joe2cool55 mentions:
  @ceggs: 2 times
  @faulko1followfriday: 1 times
  @anzrocks19: 1 times
filipalinhares mentions:
  @xmiyix: 1 times
  @officialcharice: 1 times
  @TwitHug: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @ProfessorHMS: 1 times
  @tinaeclark: 1 times
ircpresident mentions:
  @ahmedikhwan: 1 times
  @ahmednaguib: 1 times
  @georgiap: 1 times
  @gvmena: 1 times
  @hanaditraifeh: 1 times
  @hostageinqatar: 1 times
  @ielsakka: 1 times
  @ifikra: 1 times
  @jamesbuck: 1 times
  @jeremyclarke: 1 times
nathanlouey mentions:
  @JanaPleyto: 1 times
  @leeah: 1 times
gaysover50 mentions:
leonardoz mentions:
  @aureliomfollowfriday: 1 times
  @AnnetteDubow: 1 times
  @LeonardoZ: 1 times
  @Kerrysherin: 1 times
  @SoTravelNow: 1 times
  @jenniferglacken: 1 times
drwarwick mentions:
  @smartworks: 1 times
torchwood411 mentions:
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
alohaarleen mentions:
ruth_less1 mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @memachel: 1 times
robingrantham mentions:
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @Gmoney52: 1 times
  @BettyBitch: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @Twisty58: 1 times
  @debbieskerten: 1 times
  @RobinGrantham: 1 times
  @karlaporter: 1 times
susancosmos mentions:
  @AffirmationSpot: 1 times
iorangetee mentions:
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @TheMightyFoz: 1 times
  @papersalesman: 1 times
rhpritchard mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
  @bandyt88: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @holywoodblvd: 1 times
  @crazysage: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
manifestintent mentions:
  @bsodmyself: 1 times
  @kmallan: 1 times
  @Manifestintent: 1 times
  @FreezeDriedNews: 1 times
gr33ndata mentions:
  @NohaAtef: 1 times
  @oso: 1 times
  @paulissima: 1 times
  @PLACEB0: 1 times
  @sierragoddess: 1 times
  @sylwiapresley: 1 times
  @technoemedia: 1 times
  @tercowas: 1 times
  @Zeinobia: 1 times
  @zozo2k3: 1 times
egnyte mentions:
  @Egnyte: 1 times
shaggylive mentions:
  @coachkiki: 1 times
  @moanasaves: 1 times
midnightmovie73 mentions:
  @aaronbyrnes: 2 times
heatwave06 mentions:
u4euh mentions:
  @ALauderdale: 1 times
  @dell0717: 1 times
  @Trudi1: 1 times
  @CELEBSIDEDISH: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @buf: 1 times
bob_williamson mentions:
  @nancyoverbury: 1 times
  @joyceshanks: 1 times
  @greendictionary: 1 times
  @livegreenerlife: 1 times
  @figandsage: 1 times
  @greenoptions: 1 times
  @ecoactions: 1 times
  @EnergyPerson: 1 times
jeffacsh mentions:
  @JeffACSH: 2 times
dell0717 mentions:
  @michaelbay: 2 times
withoutemotion mentions:
  @SandiDarwin: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
howtogetback mentions:
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @thirstyfishinfo: 1 times
  @HowToGetBack: 1 times
  @bosanski: 1 times
  @lisaesimpkins: 1 times
pscoach mentions:
  @Dawnie22: 1 times
  @kellyheinz: 1 times
  @PSCoach: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @frugalgirl: 1 times
djbacktrack mentions:
usagrassroots mentions:
  @Bipolarsmom2: 1 times
  @happiestgirl69: 1 times
dcc1234 mentions:
  @DawnMarieLS: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
jimpish mentions:
  @Maumekim: 1 times
carolecross mentions:
caldinha mentions:
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @MizzBassie: 1 times
transfergroup mentions:
  @willscullypower: 1 times
  @davewhittle: 1 times
diversevents mentions:
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
asevideo mentions:
  @MrJoatmon: 1 times
  @ASEVIDEO: 1 times
txponygirl mentions:
  @sasbel: 2 times
  @lueking: 1 times
  @nikoman44: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @RabbiShamira: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
shoelover79 mentions:
  @LibrarianIdol: 1 times
  @TheMonkeyBoy: 1 times
  @lukeii: 1 times
  @Lilylauren: 1 times
  @andrewsayer: 1 times
mrcarl007 mentions:
  @DawnMarieLS: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
icicle_halo_ mentions:
  @katofawesome: 1 times
busyme mentions:
  @RonisWeigh: 1 times
ladyw87 mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
nicolejensen mentions:
  @kevinlcc: 1 times
  @nicolejensen: 1 times
aysunakarsu mentions:
  @avinio: 1 times
lionofheaven mentions:
  @ladyw87RT: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
ddkurcfeld mentions:
  @Boones6433: 1 times
  @sisarina: 1 times
  @marybealladler: 1 times
  @pulpologist: 1 times
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @robinyasinow: 1 times
  @marketingmisfit: 1 times
suzannemc7 mentions:
  @BUSYME: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 10 times
bunnykins2 mentions:
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @jeremylyons: 1 times
sassystace mentions:
  @VisitMesa: 1 times
  @mortythemouth: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
  @brentbolthouse: 1 times
  @COOLSEX: 1 times
the_rooster mentions:
  @hertzog: 1 times
  @StefaanLesage: 1 times
  @Ghostwritermc: 1 times
  @gregallhailale: 1 times
  @knightwise: 1 times
  @tom125: 1 times
  @davegray: 1 times
  @DreamSight: 1 times
  @TM2176: 1 times
  @2Schooners: 1 times
bigsexyneil mentions:
  @ComedyBint: 1 times
drjennifer mentions:
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @evahester: 1 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @Grandma2422: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @ORMGrecipes: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
patient_warrior mentions:
  @watchmanprayer1: 1 times
  @JobsMilwaukee: 1 times
  @NaturalEnergies: 1 times
  @MyLifesongSings: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
  @ThinkReferrals: 1 times
  @juliasmola: 1 times
chynagyrl1980 mentions:
  @BADDESTnLA: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
k3llyt mentions:
  @xianglee83: 1 times
  @vickyrao: 1 times
  @jasonmumbles: 1 times
  @JohnathanJThomp: 1 times
  @GoAskMay: 1 times
  @filihominis: 1 times
  @dkbu: 1 times
deucewt mentions:
  @StormElements: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 8 times
jazzzyone mentions:
  @Creative: 1 times
  @OriginalNajeema: 1 times
debdobson mentions:
  @shandrab: 1 times
  @zoeyjordan: 1 times
myinnerredd mentions:
  @qnslipstream: 1 times
  @myinnerevileye: 1 times
  @myinnersexygirl: 1 times
  @myinnersexfiend: 1 times
  @myinnercougar: 1 times
  @myinnerjucjuice: 1 times
jemfyr mentions:
  @chastity1111: 2 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
straightstreet mentions:
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @AlessandraGo: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @RachBker: 1 times
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
  @kbonded: 1 times
  @ccoalition: 1 times
  @Army: 1 times
ucyimd1 mentions:
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
web2marketer mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
archdaily mentions:
  @MuhammadAdel: 1 times
  @archiCentral: 1 times
  @DesignObserver: 1 times
  @dwell: 1 times
  @wallpapermag: 1 times
  @archdaily: 1 times
  @archinect: 1 times
  @archimag: 1 times
  @desig: 1 times
mistressdidi mentions:
  @pinksugacupcake: 1 times
contestedfooty mentions:
  @thesportsfreak: 1 times
  @DavidSpeers: 1 times
  @michcoll: 1 times
  @WilAnderson: 1 times
  @contestedfooty: 1 times
  @RadioWestWA: 1 times
  @JoeHildebrand: 1 times
  @mdifabrizio: 1 times
elbertf mentions:
  @wpstudios: 1 times
  @tonymarkx: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
bacieabbracci mentions:
tmjobrequest mentions:
  @DEBBIE: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @LurryWayne: 1 times
  @dewdropper: 1 times
  @DebbieTraum: 1 times
jmliss mentions:
  @meeabee: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkle: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @kellibeans: 1 times
  @IslaLuna: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @metalology: 1 times
  @sunbasilgarden: 1 times
iammyy mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @bleongcw: 1 times
metal_ology mentions:
  @jmliss: 1 times
  @meeabee: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkle: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @kellibeans: 1 times
  @IslaLuna: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @metalology: 1 times
  @sunbasilgarden: 1 times
bradfraser mentions:
  @curiousillusion: 1 times
kidfocus mentions:
  @GoBullies: 1 times
  @Herfooty: 1 times
  @sparkwisdom: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong: 1 times
  @sarahprout: 1 times
  @GreatKidsCorner: 1 times
radiosrq mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @hypnotistchris: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @lipodoc: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @jaycataldo: 1 times
  @P: 1 times
schneiderk mentions:
  @TravelGator: 1 times
  @travelingted: 1 times
  @BestFlights: 1 times
  @schneiderk: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @Woywegian: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @kidtravel: 1 times
  @mebplanner: 1 times
belindaang mentions:
  @robinlow: 1 times
  @DavidFeng: 1 times
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
  @LucasBlack: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @JoiChua: 1 times
campnicole mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @blobert: 1 times
magsjoy mentions:
  @asIprosper: 1 times
  @JeanineDeal: 1 times
  @DailyInsights: 1 times
  @Rox11Aries: 1 times
  @DennisMerimsky: 1 times
  @highermusic: 1 times
xphile1908 mentions:
  @Andrea1908: 1 times
misspaulaflava mentions:
  @kprincess: 1 times
  @FoxyHotSawce: 1 times
gallarotti mentions:
marcscott mentions:
  @marieascannon: 1 times
  @GoodSarah: 1 times
  @mattmakesweb: 1 times
  @teepooh: 1 times
  @feliciab: 1 times
  @sweetitalian15: 1 times
  @smahon1: 1 times
  @nikkisanti: 1 times
kellythomas1 mentions:
  @EdwardJLangan: 1 times
  @digitalzendo: 1 times
  @musclemenca: 1 times
  @MizzBassie: 1 times
  @caligirl976: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
discoverclocks mentions:
  @LoriSinger: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
  @fishwithfeet: 1 times
  @GuitarDragon: 1 times
  @fortyplusandfab: 1 times
  @KatKoolatta: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @heysal: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
awakeningstweet mentions:
  @gassho: 1 times
gregruby mentions:
  @EmilieBarta: 1 times
centerpet mentions:
  @icedaprinceRT: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @ForestFrolic: 1 times
  @dogloversdigest: 1 times
  @rescueadvocate: 1 times
  @bigblendmag: 1 times
blondielife mentions:
  @QueenDotty: 1 times
  @scutte: 1 times
  @doggedpursuit: 1 times
  @PoopAnonymous: 1 times
  @WhippetSnippets: 1 times
  @Dogvice: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
raynellum mentions:
  @scottbryant: 2 times
  @RickGriffin: 1 times
  @RayNellum: 1 times
  @GaylaC: 1 times
  @ocdchick: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
  @jennifer97236: 1 times
cory_froomkin mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 2 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @MadisonCreek: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @JasonPoll: 1 times
flowersbyfarha mentions:
  @RabbiShaiSpecht: 1 times
losheriow mentions:
  @BtSEO: 2 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @troved: 1 times
  @lvonestopshop: 1 times
  @donaldusafan: 1 times
  @neochick1: 1 times
  @losheriow: 1 times
johnlemoco mentions:
  @lindasmith247: 3 times
  @Johnlemoco: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
  @akiraLOVE: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @Xiane: 1 times
  @B: 1 times
chantified mentions:
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @Chantified: 1 times
woywegian mentions:
  @CountryMatters: 1 times
  @BlokesLib: 1 times
  @AnneBB: 1 times
  @AnneMaybus: 1 times
  @PaulKSaunders: 1 times
  @ChooseCars: 1 times
  @AKeeling: 1 times
  @greataussiefood: 1 times
  @Woywegian: 1 times
rnryorkiemom mentions:
  @ChitaHearse: 2 times
  @filipalinhares: 2 times
  @ispear: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @DeborahWoehr: 1 times
  @RnRyorkiemom: 1 times
istaywoke mentions:
  @SteveBeren: 1 times
  @liarddawg: 1 times
  @akgovsarahpalin: 1 times
  @istaywoke: 1 times
  @shiba36: 1 times
  @hashobama: 1 times
  @akapudge: 1 times
lovelylily_1 mentions:
  @PSCoach: 2 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @smileyald23: 1 times
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
  @lovelylily1: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
rundzy mentions:
  @MrTop8: 1 times
  @alohaarleen: 1 times
  @Mrinformation: 1 times
  @yahuauctions: 1 times
  @mrtop8: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @rundzy: 1 times
conniedr mentions:
  @TimTipper: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
thelonecowgirl mentions:
  @bretdwade: 1 times
  @4everequine: 1 times
  @CattleNetwork: 1 times
  @TheLoneCowgirl: 1 times
danwhitley mentions:
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @DanWhitley: 1 times
sandidarwin mentions:
  @angels510: 1 times
  @SandiDarwin: 1 times
  @eratyptin: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @lilyofoz: 1 times
coast3rkid mentions:
  @nansen: 1 times
vallepop mentions:
  @ThelmaGunderson: 1 times
  @Lemmila: 1 times
  @callecassel: 1 times
  @mattiasdahl: 1 times
  @Grubblaren: 1 times
  @hobbyoriginell: 1 times
  @SirPrankmonkey: 1 times
erenwall mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @webmarketingmav: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
  @KirstTreth: 1 times
oneredrobin mentions:
  @craftapalooza: 1 times
aj_is_now mentions:
  @scrapchick: 1 times
  @Jayroe82: 1 times
  @paulaadams: 1 times
  @kathyis: 1 times
  @yalewa: 1 times
  @shaleeta: 1 times
  @rayke: 1 times
  @wilperro: 1 times
  @louiebaur: 1 times
  @mrcwalshe: 1 times
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
  @OneLine: 1 times
fulltracks mentions:
  @iijoanna: 1 times
  @fulltracks: 1 times
thewebchild mentions:
  @Nachhi: 1 times
myowncullen mentions:
frohman mentions:
  @ImNickArmstrong: 1 times
elviraafterall mentions:
  @bytera: 1 times
  @RequestLine: 1 times
  @SilviaEmilia: 1 times
  @FBCool: 1 times
  @burhop: 1 times
  @micw: 1 times
  @krattleuchte: 1 times
  @uberdragon: 1 times
  @everywun: 1 times
  @wyngalbraith: 1 times
star_jayl mentions:
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @SpecTurner: 1 times
  @starjayl: 2 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @Divagrl: 1 times
  @XPOZR: 1 times
  @galkinelli: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
huseyindemiral mentions:
  @ELROSS: 1 times
deliriousgirl mentions:
  @rosinalamberti: 1 times
esoterismo mentions:
  @vandaalecio: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @GlmmC: 1 times
  @bunnykins2: 1 times
  @anitacharlot: 1 times
  @DixieThorn: 1 times
  @luhinside: 1 times
  @crisklipel: 1 times
  @anthonywright: 1 times
kristinacrowley mentions:
  @MasterMaitreya: 1 times
  @IMSigmaOMS3: 1 times
  @TheTICO411: 1 times
  @TattooTwit: 1 times
chefvanda mentions:
  @reluctantveggie: 1 times
  @yummit: 1 times
  @elmdea: 1 times
  @tennischick38: 1 times
  @bigbluehat: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
rugbyjones mentions:
  @Zion13: 1 times
  @RugbyJones: 1 times
lindyasimus mentions:
  @HyperBrendan: 1 times
  @thinkthinkers: 1 times
  @LynnandJustin: 1 times
  @newcastlemusic: 1 times
  @TopPunter: 1 times
  @matpacker: 1 times
  @StephenRinaldo: 1 times
dpbkmb mentions:
  @laureljean: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @kmoxnews: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
  @larrywrobinson: 1 times
  @FitCoachCarole: 1 times
cbn2 mentions:
  @moorethink: 1 times
  @markosm: 1 times
  @mudflats: 1 times
  @DailyDish: 1 times
  @GottaLaff: 1 times
  @shannynmoore: 1 times
  @ryking: 1 times
  @marsstu: 1 times
dejadit mentions:
  @aimeenbarnes: 1 times
  @dejadit: 1 times
rightgirl mentions:
  @bhaddad: 1 times
  @kstpete: 1 times
therealmrspazz mentions:
  @OhDatsBeezy: 2 times
  @LakerLala: 1 times
  @Tanquery730: 1 times
  @MrsCount: 1 times
  @bevysmith: 1 times
  @mssugakane: 1 times
  @DCKEV: 1 times
black_impala mentions:
  @kayl33: 1 times
  @lizalexander: 1 times
  @theotherhex: 1 times
  @swinchester583: 1 times
  @deanwinchester: 1 times
  @firstscaleb: 1 times
  @blackimpala: 1 times
wahliaodotcom mentions:
  @sm7catscan: 1 times
  @danyael20539: 1 times
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @ARoadRetraveled: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
ratedgromance mentions:
  @tino806: 1 times
  @Graticle: 1 times
  @BookTower: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @micheller715: 1 times
yo_steedgirl mentions:
vinnizinhow mentions:
  @TWIITTECO: 2 times
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
  @tatisanchesT: 1 times
  @gutuh: 1 times
krigeren mentions:
  @essentialU: 1 times
  @NNealWhitefield: 1 times
  @Maalbert: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @kcarpentier77: 1 times
  @P0TUS: 1 times
micahjesse mentions:
  @juneAmbrose: 1 times
leleco_natal mentions:
  @civlee: 1 times
misstulipa mentions:
  @vinnizinhow: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 2 times
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
  @tatisanchesT: 1 times
  @gutuh: 1 times
furyu_me mentions:
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @yingko4: 1 times
  @iangoole: 1 times
  @JimAlger: 1 times
  @ShadowFoxTarot: 1 times
  @authorlauraasaba: 1 times
sickleadvocate mentions:
luiserpa mentions:
  @Benparr: 1 times
  @thegman: 1 times
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @dancingmango: 1 times
  @2020science: 1 times
dj_rod mentions:
  @seancallanan: 1 times
  @johnrillie: 1 times
  @DJRod: 1 times
redhillbrewery mentions:
  @holgatebeer: 1 times
  @whiterabbitbeer: 1 times
  @mountaingoat: 1 times
glucciano mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @GLucciano: 1 times
mulherzinhas mentions:
  @leandrovieira: 1 times
  @danivoltolin: 1 times
  @RodolfoRMarques: 1 times
  @alessampa: 1 times
  @behsegond: 1 times
  @PaulaBoneka: 1 times
  @luissenko: 1 times
  @Mulherzinhas: 1 times
  @annabio: 1 times
sirreigns mentions:
  @Sirreigns@SoCalVixen: 1 times
  @Montsterr: 1 times
  @officialTila: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @aries33007: 1 times
martywittrock mentions:
  @kd0bik: 1 times
alexasangels mentions:
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
lalasouza mentions:
  @myris: 1 times
  @massisbaron: 1 times
  @FeZanette: 1 times
argentbeauquest mentions:
letitbeatles mentions:
  @beatlesnumber9: 1 times
  @BeatlesRadio: 1 times
  @BeatlesLane: 1 times
enchantedheart mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
apriori_beauty mentions:
  @beverlyinart: 1 times
  @paulbritphoto: 1 times
  @E140Tweets: 1 times
  @AprioriBeauty: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @AnnieStrack: 2 times
  @Jipsi: 1 times
crazymikesapps mentions:
  @steelergurl: 1 times
  @hubpages: 1 times
loribjork mentions:
  @AlexasAngels: 2 times
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @NaniWaialeale: 1 times
  @loribjork: 1 times
  @lavagal: 1 times
  @spam: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @sharepositivity: 1 times
rantenrave mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
wewannabefamous mentions:
  @smosh: 1 times
  @jonnypaula: 1 times
  @lucascruikshank: 1 times
  @smoshian: 1 times
  @smoshanthony: 1 times
mondayisntfunny mentions:
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
  @DazzW: 1 times
  @BigDoodles: 1 times
  @KlarkeKent: 1 times
  @KristianMoon: 1 times
  @NeoplasmSix: 1 times
  @Wendywitwoo: 1 times
  @hollyalyxfinch: 1 times
  @mrcraig: 1 times
  @andylamb: 1 times
mwhi mentions:
  @cathio: 1 times
teamqivana mentions:
  @66LoveLetters: 1 times
  @ClareHanbury: 1 times
  @SheilaKamp: 1 times
  @DietSolution: 1 times
mommybrain mentions:
  @JessicaKnows: 1 times
  @activegirl: 1 times
  @ssmirnov: 1 times
  @mommadjane: 1 times
  @chatterboxcgc: 1 times
  @meglyn: 1 times
  @punditmom: 1 times
  @momspective: 1 times
  @daddyclaxton: 1 times
talkingdigital mentions:
  @entrecon: 1 times
  @talkingdigital: 1 times
barleyandbirch mentions:
  @miriamskitchen: 1 times
gerryconline mentions:
  @TracyLatz: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
april_itt mentions:
  @WayneMarr: 1 times
drizzle772 mentions:
  @slightlysick: 1 times
  @Drizzle772: 1 times
miabellina mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @Leila16: 1 times
  @MeisterederO: 1 times
  @empressK: 1 times
  @weselpower: 1 times
r18thletter mentions:
  @CaseyHallen: 1 times
  @Chrissyisms: 1 times
  @bgoedhard: 1 times
newbiemarketer mentions:
  @JamesHughesBlog: 1 times
  @TheGazzMan: 1 times
  @RayJohnson: 1 times
ancmowat mentions:
  @phyllie417: 1 times
  @ancmowat: 1 times
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @kevmckthanks: 1 times
rickgriffin mentions:
bestbodydetox mentions:
  @lipzervice: 1 times
  @tweetsoapstars: 1 times
  @JashSC: 1 times
  @bffmebrit: 1 times
sbeckham mentions:
  @snippetgarden: 1 times
pattiev mentions:
  @kendallthiessen: 1 times
  @innovkelli: 1 times
yourchesscoach mentions:
  @JimSutton5: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @ReloMary: 1 times
  @YourChessCoach: 1 times
  @patweber: 1 times
  @JudithTramayne: 1 times
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @SusanOrchard: 1 times
robtot mentions:
  @ipdinata: 1 times
  @emilykatvon: 1 times
  @robtot: 1 times
  @maryjaneoh: 1 times
  @sorayaaya: 1 times
  @paw25694: 1 times
  @aalessandras: 1 times
  @ardeeell: 1 times
  @danumaya: 1 times
  @raramaharani: 1 times
jones00 mentions:
  @loumongello: 1 times
  @DisneyPictures: 1 times
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
fuzzypigz mentions:
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
scounder mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
radiance80 mentions:
  @Upamanyu: 1 times
networkingnate mentions:
  @luisgalarza: 2 times
  @PoetryILike: 1 times
  @luv4Animation: 1 times
  @whiteblouse: 1 times
  @jilloatmeal: 1 times
g_nizz mentions:
  @CaramelBella: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
cherrilala mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 2 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @ininehemiahikpe: 1 times
  @KINGDINGALING1: 1 times
  @thinkingplace: 1 times
  @DrDinaSadik: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
  @CherriLala: 1 times
hjortur mentions:
  @bjork: 1 times
edwardvirtually mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @arleigh: 1 times
mykimmykim mentions:
butterflymaven mentions:
  @checkandmate: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @rockybradley: 1 times
thehillers mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
rpulse mentions:
  @chennysherm13: 1 times
spankyluvsit mentions:
  @rzrachelzoe: 1 times
  @robhuebel: 1 times
  @Spankyluvsit: 1 times
mom_01 mentions:
  @SlingandSwaddle: 1 times
  @Hotslings: 1 times
  @MiracleBlanket: 1 times
qronoz mentions:
  @breakfastsunday: 1 times
theawalter mentions:
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
  @username: 1 times
ednacz mentions:
  @Chabuduo: 1 times
  @chinesepod: 1 times
richgolisch mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @auntnty: 1 times
  @BRACpet: 1 times
  @RichGolisch: 1 times
  @isaiasmalta: 1 times
  @LaseriumLA: 1 times
  @Zavogisky: 1 times
  @londongirlinla: 1 times
  @matt369: 1 times
caitypineapple mentions:
  @CaityPineapple: 1 times
gapingvoid mentions:
  @emilyoftexas: 9 times
roymorejon mentions:
  @boomclickaboom: 1 times
  @mtmcfarl: 1 times
  @tiffani: 1 times
  @jennafleur: 1 times
  @brianauton: 1 times
  @adam10: 1 times
  @iamgzy: 1 times
  @jrmozart: 1 times
  @joshholden: 1 times
cherylfehlberg mentions:
  @DannyBrown: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dreamindemon mentions:
  @SoloRPG: 1 times
  @DougPiranha: 1 times
  @brigwyn: 1 times
  @WoWCM: 1 times
  @wondereric: 1 times
  @Fornonstagheart: 1 times
  @yourimpact: 1 times
  @maryze08: 1 times
  @Babasfarmlife: 1 times
  @patronea: 1 times
ashleyroberts mentions:
  @wilfleming: 1 times
  @sarahnylander: 1 times
  @melissaroberts: 1 times
  @ashleyroberts: 1 times
  @patbeith: 1 times
  @ryanketchum: 1 times
kb3mkd mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
triplebeamsheme mentions:
  @XPOZR: 2 times
  @lauralassiter@starlingpoet: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
markzabala mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 1 times
  @hoopnotica: 6 times
tikitik mentions:
  @andiraa: 1 times
  @jtug: 1 times
lafemmejewels mentions:
  @MyStyleAUS: 1 times
  @voguenationale: 1 times
  @daydreamlily: 1 times
  @melbgirl: 1 times
  @sarahstyle: 1 times
  @sassisam: 1 times
allthesimple mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @Mrzgilbert: 1 times
  @Iowawriter: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
  @GoldenPen: 1 times
  @Gifttours: 1 times
earthtophilly mentions:
  @leafygreeninfo: 1 times
  @simplybeer: 1 times
  @ecobject: 1 times
  @hopfoot: 1 times
  @airdye: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @dogfishbeer: 1 times
  @easyecotogo: 1 times
  @donnette: 1 times
  @voice4change: 1 times
anthonytilghman mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
paulmason10538 mentions:
  @Ste1987: 1 times
davemammen mentions:
  @richardc: 1 times
  @leadertweets: 1 times
  @chuckblakeman: 1 times
anddjournal mentions:
  @amitjalan1: 1 times
  @PeelaaSqueela: 1 times
  @ixplora: 1 times
  @cjweb: 1 times
  @chowjackie: 1 times
scott_lord mentions:
  @GlorifiedGoferslittle: 1 times
  @ScottLord: 1 times
  @scottbryant: 1 times
  @afirmin: 1 times
  @greekfood: 1 times
  @EdenSol: 1 times
amycesario mentions:
  @sharitweets: 1 times
  @khopkinson: 1 times
mystyleaus mentions:
  @lafemmejewels: 1 times
  @rthastra: 1 times
  @alegorie: 1 times
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @voguenationale: 1 times
andreawarner mentions:
  @chrisAevansthis: 1 times
troyjh mentions:
ekkekkorecords mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @nettagyrl: 1 times
  @tonymichalski: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @TCAGENT: 1 times
  @jeryljagoda: 1 times
  @Zonoma: 1 times
  @shysupernova: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
budor mentions:
  @susiecheng: 1 times
  @RommelCali: 1 times
  @ericbeard: 1 times
  @Budor: 1 times
  @NicoleVSanchez: 1 times
  @ReloMary: 1 times
alex_zubarev mentions:
  @nview: 1 times
  @AlexZubarev: 1 times
  @SmallbonesShop: 1 times
  @macnutt1: 1 times
  @YorkBellSmith: 1 times
  @StaceyHawkins: 1 times
  @dulcinoryx: 1 times
lessat mentions:
  @galtheval: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
lexithecat mentions:
  @NoraThePianoCat: 1 times
  @tweetmefamous: 1 times
  @IamButton: 1 times
  @TheCatCo: 1 times
  @PetHouseClub: 1 times
  @MysticDaCat: 1 times
  @CokieTheCat: 1 times
  @CatStory: 1 times
  @ScullyCat: 1 times
castingoutloud mentions:
  @TheOtherLeslie: 1 times
  @keepaustinwierd: 1 times
  @FlyFishChick: 1 times
enlightened411 mentions:
  @Micah: 1 times
silverguru1 mentions:
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @natestevens: 1 times
  @fantomaster: 1 times
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @BigBookofYou: 1 times
  @YBMTHAREAL1: 1 times
  @don1one: 1 times
  @silverguru1: 1 times
  @whitsundays: 1 times
alexandrajarrin mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
theguyds mentions:
  @BestBodyDetox: 1 times
lickasha mentions:
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
tweetpea mentions:
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
  @RabbiShaiSpecht: 1 times
artmaker mentions:
  @Daggy1: 1 times
mlukaczyn mentions:
  @Jimmyruf: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
ixplora mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @JoeCaruso: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @fausta: 1 times
  @Midlojo: 1 times
  @Clobrien: 1 times
  @agoodeye: 1 times
  @auctioneerist: 1 times
  @valkry18: 1 times
  @marleed: 1 times
  @heytammybruc: 1 times
freakinserious mentions:
  @FijiLomalagi: 1 times
  @DebHalonen: 1 times
  @lyndons: 1 times
  @fridley: 1 times
  @wendywings: 1 times
  @freakinserious: 1 times
  @Tomas57: 1 times
3rdcrush mentions:
  @KimberlyR4u: 1 times
  @stephaniescheer: 1 times
  @jivemusic: 1 times
  @ScottAtaylor: 1 times
  @nukeh12: 1 times
  @OnlineBizGirl: 1 times
  @InvestigatorDon: 1 times
  @andymeeks: 1 times
the_ot mentions:
  @scamp75: 1 times
nobabe mentions:
  @rupprECHT: 1 times
  @BaBeerA: 1 times
libertygirl3 mentions:
  @DarrenSproat: 1 times
  @trustinside: 1 times
thekatalist mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tomas57 mentions:
  @DWiley224: 1 times
ipopcorks mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @Triplebeamsheme: 1 times
  @donaldbond: 1 times
  @mmwine: 1 times
nadeemd mentions:
  @ShannonStinson: 1 times
  @twats4life: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @foxnewsradio: 1 times
  @shamelessshamus: 1 times
  @F1Expert: 1 times
  @zomgitshannah: 1 times
  @juicygossip: 1 times
  @exposeliberals: 1 times
thebabysbundle mentions:
  @intriguingds: 1 times
americandream09 mentions:
  @SNutizzle: 1 times
ajpape mentions:
  @confusciously: 1 times
  @hexayurt: 1 times
  @erickb: 1 times
  @amberlupton: 1 times
  @ottonathan: 1 times
  @CouchSurfingOri: 1 times
  @LizStrauss: 1 times
  @holyramble: 1 times
  @dallasclayton: 1 times
terenceflow mentions:
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @CariLMurphy: 1 times
  @glowwiththeflow: 1 times
  @zenshine: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @DebraWard: 1 times
  @EnergeticArtist: 1 times
  @billzucker: 1 times
lauralassiter mentions:
  @BabyPatches: 1 times
  @LouLouPants: 1 times
  @hanseebundee: 1 times
  @Kat5Rescue: 1 times
  @theodorag: 1 times
  @BuddyRabbit: 1 times
  @MizzBassie: 1 times
  @iamtilley: 1 times
meeabee mentions:
  @metalology: 1 times
  @jmliss: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkle: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @kellibeans: 1 times
  @IslaLuna: 1 times
  @sunbasilgarden: 1 times
  @ldeandyment: 1 times
americanyard mentions:
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
  @MarlaDurden: 1 times
  @mrjWells: 1 times
  @admrich: 1 times
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @: 1 times
investigatordon mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @tsrawal: 1 times
  @TheAvenged: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
  @auldmags: 1 times
  @Judi6o9: 1 times
  @LeeAnnHolmberg: 1 times
  @InvestigatorDon: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
marikurisato mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
stevethegoose mentions:
borndiva mentions:
  @soulaboytellem: 1 times
worldofblues mentions:
  @FitzgeraldKC: 1 times
  @harm501: 1 times
  @karenhanson: 1 times
  @SheilaCain: 1 times
  @bluesguitarman: 1 times
iliveisl mentions:
zdeluca mentions:
  @JenniRyan: 2 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @zdeluca: 1 times
  @andybradbury: 1 times
  @MeetYoLe: 1 times
  @HollyPowell: 1 times
  @askdklive: 1 times
  @craigbayldon: 1 times
hnygirl2000 mentions:
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @melissakeyes: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @Hnygirl2000: 1 times
ada1276 mentions:
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @MichaelJStone: 1 times
  @YllwCkeNoFrstng: 1 times
  @LynnRose: 1 times
  @ada1276: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @Twixal: 1 times
redd314 mentions:
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
  @lilgreedy6300: 1 times
  @redd314: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @Shinaultjr: 1 times
  @Mizztwinz: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
gwen_cooper mentions:
  @DoctorJohnSmith: 1 times
  @BlueRose: 1 times
  @Kyros: 1 times
  @PaxieAmor: 1 times
  @NinthDoctor: 1 times
  @PercyTheDalek: 1 times
  @MeepandSquee: 1 times
  @Davros: 1 times
  @Tremas: 1 times
don1one mentions:
  @AndyWendt: 1 times
nicki_diamond mentions:
  @Juve803: 1 times
  @KaeDeeVintage: 1 times
  @leodpenrose: 1 times
  @KeonteSmith: 1 times
  @TwittaKidd: 1 times
  @LOXX: 1 times
  @BOMBkid: 1 times
  @G2Music: 1 times
  @THEREALJMAC: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @Djalfy: 1 times
morrica mentions:
  @ChitaHearse: 1 times
  @LordBlackadder: 1 times
  @deighed: 1 times
  @ladybug8320: 1 times
  @mrrocknroll: 1 times
  @jonthedevil: 1 times
  @Luigi504: 1 times
  @damana: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
  @travelingcircus: 1 times
scottrhodie mentions:
  @lyndons: 1 times
  @neerav: 1 times
  @stilgherrian: 1 times
  @silkcharm: 1 times
  @trib: 1 times
mrgrtbarr mentions:
  @GLove: 1 times
  @BarefootTruth: 1 times
  @cazwell: 1 times
  @timbe2: 1 times
  @cazarrbiz: 1 times
  @a3anda: 1 times
scriptedchaos mentions:
  @justananomaly: 1 times
  @ScriptedChaos: 1 times
fmgwomenscircle mentions:
  @Iwillfollowback: 2 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @authorlaurasaba: 1 times
  @fmgwomenscircle: 1 times
  @subzeroLA: 1 times
  @journeytocenter: 1 times
fullfilth mentions:
dkmashino mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
turnitgrey mentions:
  @dazzlemethis: 1 times
  @mollieadeux: 1 times
harleywonderpug mentions:
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @Katalysthq: 1 times
kooder mentions:
  @MelodyChase: 1 times
  @kooder: 1 times
lauderdaleagent mentions:
  @yachtcharters: 1 times
  @tweeterline: 1 times
  @chefmark: 1 times
  @k0p: 1 times
  @lauderdaleagent: 1 times
wineinquirer mentions:
  @civanoinn: 1 times
  @AZVinesAndWines: 1 times
  @ant1832: 1 times
  @xenojenisis: 1 times
  @UGCellar: 1 times
  @eatslow: 1 times
  @TucsonFoodDude: 1 times
  @FlavorBank: 1 times
  @DosCabezas: 1 times
mrboo mentions:
fka_avg8 mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
tcollins mentions:
  @lyndons: 1 times
  @neerav: 1 times
  @stilgherrian: 1 times
  @silkcharm: 1 times
  @trib: 1 times
janellemoore mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
qascat mentions:
soundexecution mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
atlien mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jeff_ischill mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
rickoworldwide mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @RickoWorldWide: 1 times
tycody mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
bboymorris mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
riette_roos mentions:
  @weskus: 1 times
  @jurgenphoto: 1 times
  @FlySAcoza: 1 times
  @maggiev: 1 times
  @nicp: 1 times
swissyfamily mentions:
  @EmilioTorres: 1 times
  @fernandovarela: 1 times
ciarachillin mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jcuse_producer mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
kdawn1 mentions:
  @FUEGO: 1 times
wethewest mentions:
  @BADDESTnLA: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
scoopemup mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
fijilomalagi mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @Arcadia1: 1 times
  @garryism: 1 times
  @Chicajones: 1 times
  @tweetsbar: 1 times
  @dmcox: 1 times
rarebre3d mentions:
  @ATLienR: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
toosweet4rnr mentions:
  @RT: 1 times
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
mianaa mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
uberdragon mentions:
misternoodle mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
donnajfox mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @phaoloo: 1 times
  @donnajfox: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @SueScheff: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @SDO: 1 times
shacorajael mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sirijoy mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jodinescorner mentions:
  @breeze29: 1 times
  @theultimatedj: 1 times
davorado mentions:
  @KittenRescue: 1 times
  @Buddhagyrl: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @gafunnyfarm: 1 times
  @DunkintheCat: 1 times
  @PeakedMtFarm: 1 times
  @dogsandcats: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
xpozr mentions:
  @starjayl: 3 times
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
  @fxp123: 1 times
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
  @SkullneckExec: 1 times
  @SpokaneTracker: 1 times
lovelytrinkets mentions:
  @icedswag: 1 times
  @symonejenkins: 1 times
  @LanaitheDJ: 1 times
  @JerryBroughton: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @clatko: 1 times
  @AffirmationSpot: 1 times
  @rebeccajones: 1 times
sweetlilmzmia mentions:
  @MiaCavallo: 1 times
  @MiaChambers: 1 times
  @mia: 1 times
  @Mia322: 1 times
  @thebettersexdoc: 1 times
  @miasummers: 1 times
  @mistressmia: 1 times
delightfullyfly mentions:
  @JHAustin: 1 times
  @guestbook: 1 times
  @DelightfullyFly: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @AnasaNaturals: 1 times
  @BtSEO: 1 times
  @Franchise23: 1 times
sheritingle mentions:
  @authorjjhebert: 1 times
2574design mentions:
  @netdoc66: 1 times
johnjdelany mentions:
  @percapita: 2 times
  @KennySells: 1 times
  @JenElliott: 1 times
  @CampbellSheri: 1 times
  @ScottBourne: 1 times
  @Kpedeaux: 1 times
  @johnjdelany: 1 times
  @Budor: 1 times
xoxmillyxox mentions:
  @XGraceStAcKX: 1 times
  @dannyiscoolkid: 1 times
  @sonoftbag: 1 times
  @shortstackband: 1 times
  @madierox: 1 times
  @EmilyQueenBitch: 1 times
rahulrakesh mentions:
  @Aakriti: 1 times
  @anshul: 1 times
suzy_lee mentions:
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @SuzyLee: 1 times
  @dj6ual: 2 times
  @LayZDaisy: 1 times
  @Tomplay: 1 times
  @twitseeker: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
doviroma mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
iquitoz mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
tonyonthebutton mentions:
  @AndyBloch: 1 times
kellie0427 mentions:
  @ATLien: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
richardbejah mentions:
  @tap29followfriday: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
thegrulkster mentions:
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
  @TheGrulkster: 1 times
petlvr mentions:
  @jelenawoehr: 1 times
  @HARTmarket: 1 times
  @boutiqueshops: 1 times
  @WalkingWil: 1 times
  @chomaee: 1 times
jlgran mentions:
  @robertEL: 1 times
shalayneswyny mentions:
  @fratur: 1 times
  @Hnygirl2000: 1 times
  @johnstiles: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @mojopath: 1 times
  @PJIII: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
bill_romanos mentions:
  @elliesiegel: 1 times
  @jgibbard: 1 times
  @barrettdavid: 1 times
  @harvardbiz: 1 times
  @abajournal: 1 times
johnsykes1035 mentions:
  @linuslive: 1 times
  @TeaPartyProtest: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
  @SarahDownSouth: 1 times
  @jpamerica: 1 times
  @JennyErikson: 1 times
  @MeganRitter: 1 times
  @JordanSekulow: 1 times
kudcia mentions:
  @MentalElastic: 1 times
20kiwi12 mentions:
  @livinlime: 2 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @OneBetterDay: 1 times
  @20kiwi12: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
  @wigs: 1 times
dragqueendiarie mentions:
  @truskowski: 1 times
andiraa mentions:
  @alasanbuatputus: 1 times
  @ajakanmaut: 1 times
  @tebakangaring: 1 times
graticle mentions:
  @CrazyMoneyLady: 1 times
  @marketmaverick: 1 times
  @DezitEaze: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @TamiStanley: 1 times
aktiff08 mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
mosejames mentions:
  @ATLien: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
shannatrenholm mentions:
  @smashadv: 1 times
davidiangray mentions:
  @GreenAV: 1 times
  @stalwartcom: 1 times
catherinemorris mentions:
  @RefugeeDayLive: 1 times
  @SusanneUre: 1 times
  @CambodiaWatch: 1 times
  @peacemakersca: 1 times
  @mgopin: 1 times
rmedina mentions:
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @rmedina: 1 times
dinatex mentions:
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
bellametaphor mentions:
  @LTSKCutieFollowFriday: 1 times
  @iAmCarmeLaFlare: 1 times
  @foxxybrimax: 1 times
  @bellametaphor: 1 times
  @MsSunShyne47: 1 times
  @DatBoiJit: 1 times
  @SoWavy1: 1 times
  @RickSuRReaL: 1 times
  @jaeSo: 1 times
bloss90 mentions:
  @pattis2boys: 1 times
  @JavaCupcake: 1 times
  @SquiggleMum: 1 times
  @Rove1974: 1 times
  @anthonywright: 1 times
  @TVdotcomAU: 1 times
  @MissMelbourne: 1 times
mummifiedx5 mentions:
  @Bloss90: 1 times
  @knitster: 1 times
  @SquiggleMum: 1 times
  @Cuddlepuff1: 1 times
  @mummifiedx5: 1 times
  @MissMelbourne: 1 times
  @Ozquilter: 1 times
boltbuzz108 mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
faveme mentions:
shnappy1 mentions:
  @AndyMilonakis: 1 times
mcbillions mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @thomaswparry: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @MrC817: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @anelajade: 1 times
  @suzyslaw: 1 times
  @Hydrau1: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
samantha_lewers mentions:
  @MarketRenegade: 1 times
  @TheKlutzyCook: 1 times
  @property101: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
billromanosfeed mentions:
  @chomaee: 2 times
mikemike2020 mentions:
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
  @CalBerkeley: 1 times
  @SapphyNo1: 1 times
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
mikeboydjr mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
rricha2835 mentions:
  @twittess: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @dizzybunny: 1 times
  @newsreporter2: 1 times
  @Time: 1 times
  @LinkisMyDog: 1 times
  @Threadless: 1 times
  @glamourdotcom: 1 times
  @systemsWork: 1 times
  @kandydevil: 1 times
icedaprince mentions:
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @zamir09: 1 times
  @CavalliCali: 1 times
  @vanitiiluv: 1 times
  @ProdByBLACKK: 1 times
  @kherrylobrien: 1 times
  @icedaprince: 1 times
mariedenee mentions:
  @PlusModelNikki: 1 times
  @MissSididdy: 1 times
tferthomas mentions:
  @PinkBerryGirl: 1 times
  @mikecheung: 1 times
pattiw23 mentions:
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
espankeh mentions:
  @robots: 1 times
kellenparker mentions:
  @1rick: 1 times
  @chinasmack: 1 times
salesstrategies mentions:
  @randywalton: 1 times
samara7days mentions:
  @obitow: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
noralmt mentions:
  @ASEVIDEO: 1 times
  @noralmt: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @YelloaandBlack: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @KatieeDid: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
gerdanperox mentions:
  @insanojournal: 1 times
  @dargisbarreto: 1 times
  @gonzo: 1 times
  @lblancoa: 1 times
  @katyca: 1 times
  @tvgerardo: 1 times
  @nwinch: 1 times
  @vicelyz: 1 times
  @crackberrista: 1 times
  @zeitan: 1 times
  @rbk24: 1 times
  @AndieNw: 1 times
ghostpandarose mentions:
  @freakshowmikey: 1 times
  @FSBigBob: 1 times
  @latara: 1 times
  @mollywobblez: 1 times
  @drhorrible: 1 times
  @cafpows: 1 times
  @emmyrossum: 1 times
jeremymoore mentions:
  @bobbyjindal: 1 times
  @robertmoorejr: 1 times
bilaljaffery mentions:
  @DarrylRMSG: 1 times
  @StephanieALloyd: 1 times
  @karlaporter: 1 times
  @lucymfel: 1 times
  @RobTyrie: 1 times
  @MichaelHomula: 1 times
  @salesrecruiter: 1 times
  @CindyRecruiter: 1 times
broooooke_ mentions:
  @shaundiviney: 1 times
  @bradiewebbstack: 1 times
  @andyclemmensen: 1 times
myhaus mentions:
  @Ficky: 1 times
  @myhaus: 2 times
  @monishka: 1 times
ladyminista mentions:
  @KING617: 1 times
  @billionaire5: 1 times
  @LadyMinista: 1 times
  @ubringmejoi: 1 times
  @cynthiambarnes: 1 times
  @NikkiWashington: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
patientzeroband mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
screenwriterjd mentions:
  @bobbynash: 1 times
  @videosmusic: 1 times
  @nickswife4: 1 times
southsalem mentions:
  @exposeliberals: 1 times
bradmantv mentions:
njdoc mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
swag101 mentions:
  @JMarie823: 1 times
  @ImLoved21: 1 times
  @Swag101: 1 times
  @SweetT4VT: 1 times
  @TheFabMsWhitney: 1 times
  @PrettyGr1: 1 times
  @faithlovegod: 1 times
cosmoscreative mentions:
  @breporter: 1 times
  @Netra: 1 times
  @MissTrade: 1 times
  @SherylSantesson: 1 times
  @XceptN: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @MakeMoneyIQ: 1 times
  @forces2: 1 times
  @nighthawk24: 1 times
andydobbo mentions:
  @tansell85: 1 times
  @andydobbo: 1 times
  @danamlewis: 1 times
skry mentions:
  @HunterDK: 1 times
mo201 mentions:
  @SexyLiah: 1 times
bigfurhat mentions:
  @pow127: 1 times
  @jdnyc: 1 times
  @southsalem: 1 times
  @StickeeNotes: 1 times
sianlindemann mentions:
lexiepixie mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
miosote mentions:
  @twittiquetaFollowFriday: 1 times
allaboutenergy mentions:
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @michaelmagical: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @Pepperfire: 1 times
  @ColinLewis: 1 times
  @twochix: 1 times
supernola1 mentions:
  @steckles: 1 times
  @TheTLady: 1 times
  @HiveMindMovie: 1 times
  @EvanCarmichael: 1 times
  @StitcherNews: 1 times
  @erinhill555: 1 times
  @EventSanDiego: 1 times
  @AllTheExcess: 1 times
isaac_dan mentions:
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
brunajuliana mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
janders223 mentions:
  @bigbrovar: 2 times
  @xolubi: 1 times
  @BUGabundo: 1 times
  @nickbernstein: 1 times
  @ubuntugeeks: 1 times
  @NixiePixel: 1 times
  @kryanth: 1 times
  @minispalla: 1 times
momsofamerica mentions:
  @kirsteno: 2 times
thegirlsreport mentions:
  @Ancoti: 1 times
  @AprioriBeauty: 1 times
  @thegirlsreport: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @TheGNCguy: 2 times
  @Makenzesgranna: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
fcknbarbee mentions:
  @ADonis1022: 1 times
  @LeeDunigan: 1 times
  @FckNCcBabyy: 1 times
  @FlyGuyz09: 1 times
  @alexisnichole22: 1 times
  @iamKeva: 1 times
berichcoach mentions:
  @bridgetteb: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMary: 1 times
  @dbroos: 1 times
  @PeaceDiva: 1 times
  @calmwithin: 1 times
  @CoachNetwork: 1 times
annaxxxvelez mentions:
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
sapphyno1 mentions:
julz341 mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @AmiAhuja: 1 times
  @breedimetria: 1 times
  @Realtyshark: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @Nacchi: 1 times
privatehomepage mentions:
jshmrtn mentions:
  @hypnotized805: 1 times
  @MacRumorsRSS: 1 times
  @lloreall: 1 times
  @engadget: 1 times
  @Jstg: 1 times
  @JesusMChrist: 1 times
  @larzipanz: 1 times
  @nebyu: 1 times
  @davidfcorcoran: 1 times
  @coreysercy: 1 times
nashayj mentions:
  @celebitter: 1 times
  @nashayj: 1 times
  @andersoncooper: 1 times
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @ludajuice: 1 times
  @MissKeriBaby: 1 times
dtcatowt mentions:
  @COSMOSCreative: 1 times
vonblanc mentions:
  @reisreisreis: 1 times
  @dersven: 1 times
  @gebrauchsgrafik: 1 times
  @derWebworker: 1 times
  @markuswaege: 1 times
ze_flavio mentions:
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
  @Mulherzinhas: 1 times
redrobinrockn mentions:
  @hunnibeez: 1 times
  @thrivefitness: 1 times
  @nextwaveray: 1 times
  @JenniferClement: 1 times
  @inklesstales: 1 times
  @remindorg: 1 times
  @sensonize: 1 times
hegnil mentions:
  @stormberg: 1 times
  @steinarjolsen: 1 times
  @lineskaane: 1 times
  @suongir: 1 times
  @ErlendForsund: 1 times
  @mortenrovik: 1 times
  @pbsvenning: 1 times
  @tittentem: 1 times
  @arakvaag: 1 times
  @helgemikal: 1 times
paulagroenink mentions:
fisher_david mentions:
  @cfpdx: 1 times
  @DianaScimone: 1 times
  @ProjectExodus: 1 times
  @cortneyr: 1 times
  @RunForFreedom: 1 times
  @WorldVisionNews: 1 times
  @NotForSale: 1 times
lacouvee mentions:
  @CatherineGrison: 1 times
fake_vyvyan mentions:
  @fakerik: 1 times
cmgrant07 mentions:
  @FuckSp: 1 times
  @WeTheWest: 1 times
  @: 1 times
get_confident mentions:
  @JosephMcClendon: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
  @JCanfield: 1 times
leisaleisa mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @ButtercupD: 1 times
  @jody74: 1 times
  @popsquire: 1 times
  @GeriSomething: 1 times
kjkenner mentions:
  @ducttape: 2 times
  @crushermasman: 1 times
  @dmscott: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @harrisonma1: 1 times
  @stejules: 1 times
  @PRsarahevans: 1 times
  @carlislegroup: 1 times
nadyadee mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jamdiva mentions:
  @mrsdanaFollowFriday: 1 times
  @claudiajordan: 1 times
  @Paradigmsl: 1 times
  @GHOSTDAHUSTLA: 1 times
  @mylesmiller: 1 times
  @bigbossduval: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @MsShan22: 1 times
  @TuesdayKnight: 1 times
  @YoungCash: 1 times
lohkc mentions:
  @sirenmuse: 1 times
  @breathtakingph: 1 times
  @phusionade: 1 times
  @tokyoseminole: 1 times
  @: 1 times
zeelyn mentions:
  @bolora: 1 times
  @: 1 times
dranupama mentions:
  @1salestrainer: 1 times
  @pointforwardpro: 1 times
  @dranupama: 1 times
  @edridge169: 1 times
  @pinksugacupcake: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @ElizMarquart: 1 times
  @keystoliving: 1 times
ohdatsbeezy mentions:
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @OhDatsBeezy: 1 times
  @YahyaHenry: 1 times
  @PastorLDT: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @top007: 1 times
  @TLW3: 1 times
  @damondnollan: 1 times
  @Deltavogue: 1 times
  @XPOZR: 1 times
shareevania mentions:
goodfibers mentions:
  @DiscoverEugene: 1 times
  @EugenePublicLib: 1 times
  @McDonaldTheatre: 1 times
  @KingEstates: 1 times
  @UODucks: 1 times
  @MyEugene: 1 times
  @HultCener: 1 times
  @WOWhall: 1 times
wayway8 mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @ethigent: 1 times
  @wayway8: 1 times
  @LoriGregory: 1 times
  @cindeelean: 1 times
  @B2020: 1 times
atlantared mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
rreedpc mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
jwoohoo mentions:
  @barjorden: 1 times
blurryjoy mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
acmephoto mentions:
  @lafinguy: 1 times
  @ThomasAtUPS: 1 times
dewdropper mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @Drevilll: 1 times
  @Checkandmate: 1 times
  @YUNGSKOOL100: 1 times
  @3rdCrush: 1 times
  @amandarobin: 1 times
  @crside: 1 times
  @CocosButter: 1 times
  @TVwxGirl: 1 times
fairyblogmother mentions:
  @raptitude: 1 times
  @porsidan: 1 times
  @AContentLife: 1 times
  @ianpeatey: 1 times
  @urbanmonk: 1 times
  @PluginID: 1 times
lelahg mentions:
  @OhDatsBeezy: 3 times
  @DugeeFBuller: 1 times
  @DocDiggla: 1 times
  @CarlC: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
  @sistagirl1: 1 times
danthies mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @commoncraft: 1 times
winetravellori mentions:
  @Woywegian: 1 times
  @WineTravelLori: 1 times
  @RojenAG: 1 times
  @travelforum: 1 times
  @DanTraveling: 1 times
  @goremy: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
b_alexandra mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
pryncesspoetiq1 mentions:
  @emilyroseartist: 1 times
  @SalaamFreeland: 1 times
  @semaphore: 1 times
  @princerobertjr: 1 times
  @jbNchp: 1 times
  @pudge75: 1 times
highvoltagemag mentions:
  @themichaelbauer: 1 times
  @venusinfers: 1 times
  @onehighfive: 1 times
  @somethingtoburn: 1 times
  @theviperroom: 1 times
kiakelly mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
rikskedeechte mentions:
  @Heimana: 1 times
mrmannycan mentions:
  @crstjohn81: 1 times
  @mrmannycan: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @procopy: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
jayizmee mentions:
larzshinobi mentions:
  @iam5foot8: 1 times
  @conormichael: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
lazarus2000 mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
fanny_ingabout mentions:
calberkeley mentions:
  @CalBerkeley: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @SplashVaFashnWk: 1 times
  @Carelea: 2 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @intrepid316: 1 times
thegardenslug mentions:
  @joannepeh: 1 times
kscreen69 mentions:
imdevilicious mentions:
  @mikedinc: 1 times
  @ImDevilicious: 1 times
  @HawaiiRealty: 1 times
  @Moniladai: 1 times
  @StacyKinney: 1 times
mrsanncarter mentions:
  @: 11 times
no_fixed_office mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
hermoviebuff mentions:
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @madpanic: 1 times
  @dreamsound: 1 times
  @roscoeellis: 1 times
  @LesaMomofFive: 1 times
  @cachedout: 1 times
  @debccraig: 1 times
  @blondiebee: 1 times
execulive mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @hiphopgrandpa: 1 times
  @TexasRealist: 1 times
  @lilsocalgal: 1 times
  @jimbednarz: 1 times
  @stockshotz: 1 times
  @Jimmyruf: 1 times
  @renaudandco: 1 times
comicleserin mentions:
  @Comicgate: 1 times
retired_at_25 mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @slideworld: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
  @lattitude4U: 1 times
  @BuySellDomains: 1 times
  @InvincibleBlog: 1 times
_dina mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
stoplasticbags mentions:
  @scooprandell: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
charprincessa mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
giovannagarcia mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @LimeScribe: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
ham1865 mentions:
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
  @PsychicReaderE: 1 times
  @PJIII: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @ham1865: 1 times
  @luisgalarza: 1 times
coderepair mentions:
  @hawaiirealty: 1 times
  @icerocket: 2 times
  @anishdave: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @poloroidgirl: 1 times
  @gemstars: 1 times
  @docmurdock: 1 times
  @nickyfantastic: 1 times
andrewsbit mentions:
  @misshelen20: 1 times
  @mishikraz: 1 times
  @FionaMackenzie: 1 times
  @HettyElibet: 1 times
roberto_barreto mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
xtymiller mentions:
  @alapoet: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @dutchmastakilla: 1 times
  @stonedbuzz: 1 times
  @RicciDryerNYC: 1 times
  @lesserdevil: 1 times
  @angelbear7: 1 times
feedingthefoxes mentions:
  @THS666: 1 times
  @CasualKill: 1 times
  @feedingthefoxes: 1 times
adonis1022 mentions:
  @FckNCcBabyy: 2 times
  @ADonis1022: 1 times
nawid mentions:
  @JornJansen: 1 times
fulloper mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
beachchicken mentions:
artrudenko mentions:
  @ariannamauree: 1 times
  @jaybranch: 1 times
  @kbowser614: 1 times
  @MrTop8: 1 times
  @XangetGroup: 1 times
  @artrudenko: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @MsVeeVee: 1 times
artsimp mentions:
  @jessicaallyn: 1 times
  @emilynbrodsky: 1 times
  @fairytalevegas: 1 times
  @waltersickert: 1 times
  @armyoftoys: 1 times
  @mikeypd: 1 times
  @caitlinpasko: 1 times
  @indecisean: 1 times
  @stephennorwood: 1 times
eddiereeves mentions:
  @SocialMediaMo: 1 times
johnnyhorror30 mentions:
  @kreepylady: 1 times
  @jovankavuckovic: 1 times
  @christianallen: 1 times
  @gorify: 1 times
  @evilontwolegs: 1 times
  @fearshop: 1 times
  @mikebonomo: 1 times
  @ohmyhorror: 1 times
  @rec2movie: 1 times
  @girlafraid: 1 times
badmovieblog mentions:
  @Leighsus: 1 times
kinaton mentions:
  @lattegirltoo: 2 times
  @seanrichman: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @alexasangels: 1 times
  @auntnty: 1 times
  @debbieconnects: 1 times
  @isaiasmalta: 1 times
  @crazy: 1 times
lauruhhpalooza mentions:
  @Monicks: 1 times
  @beyondmythology: 1 times
  @zipzink: 1 times
  @bytera: 1 times
  @randeazie: 1 times
  @AtheistToolbox: 1 times
  @HappyAtheist: 1 times
  @godlessgirl: 1 times
  @ThinkAtheist: 1 times
markparton mentions:
  @Burkley: 1 times
arkansite mentions:
  @kdawn1: 1 times
  @: 1 times
keiaraykell mentions:
  @r18thletter: 1 times
  @CandlesbyTasha: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @VAInnovations: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @tenishae26: 1 times
  @KeiaRaykell: 1 times
  @toddschnick: 1 times
lesanto mentions:
  @glennlesanto: 1 times
  @jamessilverlake: 1 times
clutchmg mentions:
  @fisherdavid: 1 times
  @ploked: 1 times
qdosologytweets mentions:
  @N3WMedia: 1 times
  @MikeKlingler: 1 times
  @MickMoore: 1 times
  @pcfromzero: 1 times
  @ronniewilson: 1 times
  @SEOJoe: 1 times
  @simongrabowski: 1 times
  @wakooz: 1 times
  @twittSuccess: 1 times
  @JonAlfredsson: 1 times
stubakercomedy mentions:
  @MamaBee4: 1 times
  @StuBakerComedy: 1 times
eu_serjola mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
barbarafriedman mentions:
  @kathykeefe: 2 times
  @Carelea: 2 times
  @BarbaraFriedman: 1 times
  @revtrev: 1 times
filipeway mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
rmolden mentions:
  @elyssaD: 1 times
tgp73 mentions:
  @dizzygirl: 1 times
  @iamhannah: 1 times
  @yorksville: 1 times
gingersbread mentions:
_sdo mentions:
  @MisterNoodle: 1 times
  @Sweetdreamer: 1 times
  @SDO: 1 times
drdcadams mentions:
  @motivatingU: 1 times
  @dewdropper: 1 times
  @teamsoteria: 1 times
  @iwingroup: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @MelodyChase: 1 times
  @OhDatsBeezy: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
kerrilw mentions:
jobabybliss mentions:
  @AgooAustralia: 1 times
  @TikiBooKids: 1 times
  @YCMonkey: 1 times
  @molliemoo: 1 times
  @LMStellaPR: 1 times
  @SkoutTradeFair: 1 times
  @bellybeyond: 1 times
  @Czarque: 1 times
  @JoBabyBliss: 1 times
  @min: 1 times
dellgirl mentions:
  @SlimPerfect: 1 times
ahhphotography mentions:
  @dymples100: 1 times
  @HeavenWeddings: 1 times
  @creationsoflove: 1 times
  @amous: 1 times
  @blurtit: 1 times
cameronstewart mentions:
  @rippleali: 1 times
avvin mentions:
  @vashdom: 1 times
  @skorr: 1 times
  @Yuramm: 1 times
  @Lubaba: 1 times
  @uksius: 1 times
  @Soni4ka: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @prknews: 1 times
  @catvasya: 1 times
  @EcoFriendl: 1 times
  @steinebel: 1 times
dads4life mentions:
  @SocialMediaMo: 2 times
  @EddieReeves: 1 times
biffgriff mentions:
  @puridewayani: 1 times
anelajade mentions:
  @ManifestIntent: 2 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @talkforcash: 1 times
  @Wackini: 1 times
  @whatswithinu: 1 times
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
  @EmmaRileySutton: 1 times
steveplunkett mentions:
  @cyandle: 1 times
neuroaster mentions:
  @anjinpradhan: 1 times
  @icanhaschzbgr: 1 times
  @SearchAutism: 1 times
addisonmontg mentions:
  @samara7days: 1 times
rachellavern mentions:
  @billhanifin: 1 times
  @twittpoet: 1 times
  @liz777ann2: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @CoachIyabo: 1 times
  @noworriesn2009: 1 times
  @butterflywheel: 1 times
iamjoshhumphrey mentions:
  @SocialMediaMo: 2 times
  @EddieReeves: 1 times
lanegeorge mentions:
sushmeet mentions:
  @nadhiyamali: 1 times
  @sushmeet: 1 times
garrickdconner mentions:
  @lizisaacslwc: 1 times
cityrat59 mentions:
  @geovolt: 1 times
  @auntiewiv: 1 times
  @tsrawal: 1 times
  @commonsense4: 1 times
  @robinreekers: 1 times
  @kencamp: 1 times
  @SherylBreuker: 1 times
  @rodneyarvid: 1 times
twinutter mentions:
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
petxpert mentions:
  @PetLvr: 1 times
  @TobysTrick: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @enlightenedk9: 1 times
  @snowleopardess: 1 times
  @pawsatlanta: 1 times
  @DojaDoo: 1 times
  @ohPhee: 1 times
  @HobokenMartha: 1 times
  @mictea: 1 times
msgigi152 mentions:
  @MrMailman: 1 times
  @MsFran95: 1 times
  @katherynpeace: 1 times
  @Yurdelite: 1 times
  @youngtaj20: 1 times
  @whodatb09: 1 times
baldiesunite mentions:
  @mjr79: 1 times
kenmillerjr mentions:
  @kenmillerjr: 1 times
thinkinnewareas mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
pheasantphun mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @HawaiiRealty: 1 times
clivewild mentions:
  @BPFF: 1 times
laingrithdz mentions:
  @sandravd: 1 times
  @elefantastic: 1 times
copthetruth mentions:
  @MediaOps: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
ravensu mentions:
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @ItsOneTen: 1 times
  @urGrandaddy: 1 times
stwood1953 mentions:
  @rumblepurr: 1 times
olaflewitz mentions:
  @softhal: 1 times
  @wetterfrosch: 1 times
andycrash mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @andysmailes: 1 times
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @Audnumber: 1 times
  @Azlen: 1 times
wiarda mentions:
  @DoingWhatWorks: 1 times
  @peterdekock: 1 times
zuhamy mentions:
  @mariocavalli: 1 times
frankbecker mentions:
  @Buchautor: 1 times
  @PCLexikon: 1 times
  @PowerHaSe: 1 times
trains22 mentions:
  @benninghofflaw: 1 times
  @TheLegalVADana: 1 times
  @RickHorowitz: 1 times
  @OfficeStylist: 1 times
  @VickiSiedow: 1 times
  @Maria5858: 1 times
birchy50 mentions:
  @blueparrot2: 1 times
  @TwystedSysta: 1 times
  @PurestLight: 1 times
  @lynnedy: 1 times
  @Hipchick999: 1 times
  @LittleLin: 1 times
  @LouiseBrig: 1 times
  @zebedeejane: 1 times
  @littledotty: 1 times
trinityrayne mentions:
  @tmill205: 1 times
reporterhaley mentions:
  @TustinNews: 1 times
roryocean mentions:
  @starkiller99: 1 times
  @RoryOcean: 1 times
golfnovels mentions:
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @Jenny2ko: 1 times
  @NKYJennifer: 1 times
  @danamoos: 1 times
  @ma74: 1 times
  @JamesRossBooks: 1 times
  @writersheri: 1 times
  @chrisgustafson: 1 times
grumpo mentions:
  @4thfrog: 1 times
  @mikemagan: 1 times
  @amystark: 1 times
  @nancymyrland: 1 times
twishes_de mentions:
  @warnemann: 1 times
cinebo mentions:
  @dhlawrencexvii: 1 times
  @youandcharliewu: 1 times
9swords mentions:
  @followfriday: 1 times
highrockmedia mentions:
  @g33kgurrl: 1 times
  @g33kguy: 1 times
  @highrockthemes: 1 times
  @davidgallant: 1 times
  @noelbellen: 1 times
  @JayGilmore: 1 times
  @gnomeontherun: 1 times
  @jenniewhite: 1 times
  @suran: 1 times
  @VegasWill: 1 times
josephranseth mentions:
  @aug1698: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @josephranseth: 1 times
youngron510 mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @daviddez: 1 times
  @bruwmac: 1 times
  @frogsinapot: 1 times
  @LilliJ: 1 times
  @Faithable: 1 times
  @GraceBarkwell: 1 times
  @squeakmouse73: 1 times
  @Robdog241: 1 times
  @ViewsNews: 1 times
malkavscell mentions:
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
buggin80s mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
lovinglifelady mentions:
  @TAZ31263: 1 times
  @SallyHuss: 1 times
  @lovinglifelady: 1 times
  @KathyIreland: 1 times
  @ricklondon: 1 times
  @that1girl734wow: 1 times
feleciacruz mentions:
  @warrenaissance: 1 times
  @SpillsMusic: 1 times
  @FeleciaCruz: 1 times
  @MCKSwift: 1 times
  @EboiDaRebel: 1 times
  @TheMCFaceman: 1 times
  @IamSocrates: 1 times
  @Joeyyis: 1 times
tonymarkx mentions:
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @GrannyMoola: 1 times
  @cheryl20772: 1 times
  @hashmovie: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @Kohmahts: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
missyibee mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @therealsecret: 1 times
ggraha01 mentions:
  @Getconfident: 1 times
  @larryczerwonka: 1 times
  @ricklondon: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @AsianRehab: 1 times
  @PaulMcdowell: 1 times
  @philreCareered: 1 times
  @futastic: 1 times
seo_webwhizbiz mentions:
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @DianeRayfield: 1 times
  @inthelight8424: 1 times
  @SEOWEBwhizbiz: 1 times
  @growline: 1 times
  @newhorizon: 1 times
talkpets mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @MaddyBasset: 1 times
  @Worldvets: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @AmaLama: 2 times
  @cressycat: 1 times
eidann mentions:
  @antnas: 1 times
  @MYiPhoneDiary: 1 times
debbietraum mentions:
  @judismile: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
  @frelle: 1 times
  @LifeQuips: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
stephcalahan mentions:
  @Pathway2Success: 1 times
sullyburger mentions:
  @marleyterrier: 1 times
  @tillytheterrier: 1 times
  @sullyburger: 1 times
  @harrytheterrier: 1 times
  @borderpup: 1 times
  @diamondbertie: 1 times
  @terrort: 1 times
amalama mentions:
  @NavneethShenoy: 1 times
  @MaddyBasset: 1 times
  @Worldvets: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @TalkPets: 1 times
  @AmaLama: 1 times
  @cressycat: 1 times
jinnpod mentions:
  @unfluff: 1 times
  @limpetcat: 1 times
  @dukeorange: 1 times
bjmendelson mentions:
andychin mentions:
  @BridalGlam: 1 times
  @shar0nT: 1 times
lurrywayne mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @LurryWayne: 1 times
  @dewdropper: 1 times
  @DebbieTraum: 1 times
suavewreck mentions:
  @MzEsha: 2 times
  @NSpirit: 1 times
  @Mikedaboss123: 1 times
  @SuaveWreck: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
miraclebahai mentions:
  @oraea: 1 times
  @EdenSol: 1 times
  @barmak9: 1 times
  @iamwun: 1 times
pleaseseeus mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
antnas mentions:
  @MYiPhoneDiary: 1 times
littlelottiell mentions:
  @motherlove: 1 times
  @parentingoz: 1 times
  @newhorizon: 1 times
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @rebeccamezzino: 1 times
  @Czarque: 1 times
  @beautyandlace: 1 times
  @swishlily: 1 times
  @AusMumpreneur: 1 times
chynalindsay mentions:
  @Trains22: 1 times
  @KingCharlton: 1 times
  @MissDivaS: 1 times
  @MixxedMami213: 1 times
  @JDidda: 1 times
  @DeziK: 1 times
  @deefamouss: 1 times
  @TonyCDKelly: 1 times
jenkin7nick mentions:
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @mywisdomwords: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Mrlandmark: 1 times
  @brawngpfanblog: 1 times
  @YoungAfricaMag: 1 times
anthonyjh mentions:
  @snedwan: 1 times
  @hawkster: 1 times
  @georgieboo: 1 times
roshawnwatson mentions:
  @SaritPery: 1 times
  @roshawnwatson: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @DavidKing: 1 times
crside mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @crside: 1 times
jonathanab mentions:
  @SurferBoris: 1 times
efan78 mentions:
  @SapphyNo1: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
mzesha mentions:
  @NSpirit: 1 times
  @Mikedaboss123: 1 times
  @SuaveWreck: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
  @MzEsha: 1 times
ratiagrawal mentions:
  @sushmeetFollowFriday: 1 times
  @GuysReplies: 1 times
  @vishalgadkari: 1 times
  @pramodbaddurkar: 1 times
  @goutamsathia: 1 times
  @krithikan: 1 times
  @vicsvickyvic: 1 times
snedwan mentions:
  @N1GHT0WL: 1 times
  @tolisv: 1 times
  @GaryMuircroft: 1 times
  @NatCall: 1 times
  @Cameronkuk: 1 times
  @barrysnedden: 1 times
  @GaryDelaney: 1 times
  @xCallaghanx: 1 times
  @paulonair: 1 times
wimrampen mentions:
  @jakethebeagle: 1 times
mandalareopens mentions:
carolinaredd mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 2 times
  @PaulJL: 1 times
  @CherriLala: 1 times
  @jackin1: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @thephilosopher1: 1 times
  @wecompareb: 1 times
sonjagottschalk mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
kasiarachfall mentions:
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @DJEIGHTMILE: 1 times
  @RevMeKila: 1 times
  @PartnerinSANITY: 1 times
  @mjdoyle: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @EdotA: 1 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @ProsLifeCoach: 1 times
vacant_heart mentions:
  @pureelite: 1 times
northernsweetie mentions:
  @fun2tweet: 1 times
  @piratewench: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @Kellyg5: 1 times
  @ambereubanks: 1 times
  @Iowagirl69: 1 times
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @maliciousmandy1: 1 times
dianemorgan00 mentions:
  @NigelMorgan: 1 times
  @naturescorner: 1 times
sharonhayes mentions:
  @JosephRanseth: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
sargedunn1 mentions:
emiliablue mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @MattBologna: 1 times
frombecca mentions:
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
cruisemaniac mentions:
  @raavanaa: 1 times
  @hanuman: 1 times
  @vibheeshana: 1 times
  @sita: 1 times
deanbenninger mentions:
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @NanaCheryl: 1 times
  @PeterRevSmith: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @healdsburg: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @Bill4Jesus: 1 times
  @ArnaudJacobs: 1 times
rustydeals mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
wipoolplayer mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @You2Gov: 1 times
  @get2vote: 1 times
  @Undercover: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @SociologistTina: 1 times
  @JASMINEMAI: 1 times
jd_nyc mentions:
  @marshallsheldonfollowfriday: 1 times
  @stickeenotes: 1 times
  @TSalad: 1 times
  @ASmithee: 1 times
  @jdnyc: 1 times
thatgroovykid mentions:
  @LoveALittleLess: 1 times
  @lilccinnamon: 1 times
  @robynrtr: 1 times
  @muZicmarg: 1 times
  @DotySpoty: 1 times
  @stephdavies: 1 times
  @patriciaco: 1 times
  @ThatGroovyKid: 1 times
bronzeword mentions:
  @tcravet: 1 times
foreversend mentions:
  @HayBeck: 1 times
  @ratpackrecords: 1 times
  @artistpaid: 1 times
  @darronm: 1 times
  @CLCmusic: 1 times
  @monstersofmetal: 1 times
  @News10RedRoom: 1 times
  @RapidPulseRadio: 1 times
  @deadragemusic: 1 times
ezyblogger mentions:
  @DianaKhalil: 1 times
  @macangel: 1 times
  @JamisonKelly: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @Arbenting: 1 times
  @JackSimz: 1 times
  @Retnev: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @MaxagoBlogCast: 1 times
  @techjungle: 1 times
traveltweetie mentions:
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @elliot: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
ideawhore mentions:
  @krisstraub: 1 times
  @davekellett: 1 times
  @pvponline: 1 times
  @guigar: 1 times
cougar_candy mentions:
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong2: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
ihaps mentions:
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
boomerstyle mentions:
  @gnizz: 2 times
  @BigBBrown: 1 times
  @LyricalLala7: 1 times
  @MichaelJStone: 1 times
  @MalexMB: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @speaker99: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @CoachCarolann: 1 times
tahoeblu mentions:
  @mpickens: 1 times
vikkiflawith mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
mis_chiff mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
mayorsam mentions:
  @guestbook: 1 times
  @RavenSu: 1 times
  @mayorsam: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @vaughnchicago: 1 times
  @ifelicious: 1 times
gavinspapa mentions:
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
  @alyandfila: 1 times
caflowergirls mentions:
  @FABFifiFollower: 1 times
  @FifiFlowers: 1 times
futuremusic_ceo mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @FuturemusicCEO: 1 times
  @aktiff08: 1 times
  @RefandUmpTravel: 1 times
  @jackybrown: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @LeahTanne: 1 times
suanie mentions:
  @jennifertai: 1 times
lifecoachmary mentions:
  @BeRichCoach: 1 times
  @bridgetteb: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMary: 1 times
  @dbroos: 1 times
  @PeaceDiva: 1 times
  @calmwithin: 1 times
  @CoachNetwork: 1 times
darlingbuds mentions:
  @kinchyuk: 1 times
wicksie mentions:
  @Weeniemobile: 1 times
unitedmusicro mentions:
  @DJIKEGDA: 1 times
  @BIGGB973: 1 times
  @djblord: 1 times
  @CarolinaAllDay: 1 times
  @TheMiddayMiss: 1 times
  @rickyruckus: 1 times
  @skillzthedj: 1 times
  @DertyDen: 1 times
  @nancioradioshow: 1 times
thebookwright mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
dancegurl91 mentions:
  @bearabledeals: 1 times
  @cocochanel2364: 1 times
  @dannywhitehouse: 1 times
  @Dancegurl91: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
  @rlminihan: 1 times
  @MissB007: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
tia_smiley mentions:
  @babyscratch: 2 times
  @sequoiasparks: 1 times
  @WilliePA: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @MikeyMcFly: 1 times
  @tiasmiley: 1 times
  @MeliRentComfy: 1 times
  @YoungA2985: 1 times
spitfirejon mentions:
  @joncoulter: 1 times
jayman888 mentions:
  @RIPmoonwalker: 1 times
voldemortvader mentions:
  @FannyTwit: 1 times
cybereddie mentions:
  @GRFollowFriday: 1 times
kimota mentions:
  @richarddawkins: 1 times
  @harukizaemon: 1 times
  @raena: 1 times
  @bertieblackman: 1 times
theonaxperience mentions:
  @varassanan: 1 times
  @TheOnaXperience: 1 times
  @misterprince: 1 times
  @LRothschildPhD: 1 times
  @Flawless326: 1 times
  @astrogems: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @Jan: 1 times
omegamom mentions:
  @BeckyDMBR: 1 times
  @JessicaGottlieb: 1 times
thegreatmatt mentions:
  @EzyBlogger: 1 times
  @extremejohn: 1 times
  @GrantGriffiths: 1 times
  @l0gic: 1 times
  @RickBakas: 1 times
  @teenbizcoach: 1 times
  @remarkablogger: 1 times
  @zakmorris: 1 times
  @Blo: 1 times
therealnobody mentions:
  @joolzp1: 1 times
qldholidays mentions:
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
  @sandieb321: 1 times
  @meedee64: 1 times
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @downesy: 1 times
  @AndyBradbury: 1 times
  @dvinMsM: 1 times
midnightbeadery mentions:
  @beryltheperil: 1 times
lepetitsquare mentions:
  @DianeMorgan00: 1 times
  @AdrianHiggs: 1 times
  @MikeSamuels68: 1 times
  @RichardCharon: 1 times
  @rslosek: 1 times
whoamellynyc mentions:
  @PoetyK: 2 times
  @etrendzshop: 1 times
  @WhoaMellyNYC: 1 times
  @chrisjbrandon: 1 times
  @KLHILLSMAN: 1 times
  @MrC817: 1 times
  @lookingatnews: 1 times
  @famousfollower: 1 times
roonie_14 mentions:
  @LorettaLametta: 1 times
jennyflintoft mentions:
  @CathDaley: 1 times
abeeliever mentions:
  @worldpartyday: 1 times
  @Abeeliever: 1 times
jamesjjohnson mentions:
  @ashleysays: 1 times
  @Enigmatic23: 1 times
  @JUBAI27: 1 times
  @walterdeshields: 1 times
  @SuperwomanAK: 1 times
lvpokersource mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
tb78 mentions:
  @gazebow: 1 times
miketobias mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
vegaswholesale mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @StatiK99: 1 times
  @judithbailey: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @GarinKilpatrick: 1 times
  @foootba: 1 times
lisabreedt mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
lorigama mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
darklight188 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
cfdj71 mentions:
  @shoptilldrop: 1 times
  @craftymaddie: 1 times
  @DonnaD2009: 1 times
zombiephile mentions:
flysacoza mentions:
  @silverguru1: 1 times
bostinbloke mentions:
  @christinefarmer: 1 times
  @TheDiplodocus: 1 times
thatasshole mentions:
  @ThatAssHole: 1 times
misstcalia mentions:
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @legalize: 1 times
  @AtheistBus: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
  @pennsays: 1 times
  @ThinkAtheist: 1 times
  @atheistnexus: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
theotigsy mentions:
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
chris_gomez mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
haplifnet mentions:
  @ninaspringle: 1 times
neverendinstory mentions:
  @ohhushmusic: 1 times
haroldkuepers mentions:
  @EzyBlogger: 1 times
  @HansKee: 1 times
  @HaroldKuepers: 1 times
  @RobbertPaul: 1 times
  @Gerdaduring: 1 times
  @Constanzie: 1 times
  @SuzanneMeijles: 1 times
  @IngridRompa: 1 times
juergenzahrl mentions:
  @PepsiRaw: 1 times
topspinrob mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
worldpartyday mentions:
  @RollinsWallace: 1 times
  @worldpartyday: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @wwmcneill: 1 times
  @xpertgreg: 1 times
  @yogich: 1 times
  @Ysbub: 1 times
krista_baumane mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
dameunited mentions:
  @blackheartbunny: 1 times
  @fashion: 1 times
  @evkh: 1 times
  @LovelyLondon: 1 times
  @MoDarling: 1 times
  @pintucked: 1 times
  @trishdarling: 1 times
  @smashingdarling: 1 times
  @ThatgirlFashion: 1 times
danielnylin mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
nikki_s mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
azredlizard mentions:
  @BlokesLib: 1 times
  @Djalfy: 1 times
  @LadyMinista: 1 times
  @XPOZR: 1 times
  @20kiwi12: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @TheEngTeacher: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @azredlizard: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
nik_kee_dee mentions:
  @Nettofabulous: 1 times
  @NikKeeDee: 1 times
sheamus mentions:
emmajaner mentions:
jackiepurnell mentions:
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
dcychan mentions:
  @JeanieMarshall: 1 times
dustus mentions:
  @PryncessPoetiq1: 1 times
  @thenightwriter: 1 times
  @JeanneBehr: 1 times
  @ericbeard: 1 times
  @AnnMarieJ: 1 times
  @AmyBlogTalk: 1 times
  @sharonchong: 1 times
  @luvth3grl: 1 times
dkdugi mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
nicolerensmann mentions:
  @stricktier: 1 times
  @IreneWolk: 1 times
  @DanielaWegert: 1 times
  @writingwoman: 1 times
  @Suddenswelt: 1 times
godeater mentions:
  @DarkWinter: 1 times
komosion mentions:
  @rodders1512: 1 times
  @MattyHallsworth: 2 times
arunsays mentions:
  @christinahills: 2 times
  @KatTansey: 1 times
  @terrizsoloceo: 1 times
  @hylacassmd: 1 times
  @wenditv: 1 times
  @judithorloffmd: 1 times
  @staceymayo: 1 times
janedebond mentions:
  @NelDaffodil: 1 times
  @AdeleComputer: 1 times
  @LizS4ra: 1 times
  @lostgirl66: 1 times
  @milliontwits: 1 times
  @guybatty: 1 times
advorec mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
dvdlpz mentions:
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @alheri: 1 times
  @womencan: 1 times
  @terricook: 1 times
  @BingFutch: 1 times
  @tearsofjoy: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
  @michaelmagical: 1 times
  @kms34786: 1 times
  @mossyy: 1 times
radioaction mentions:
  @thepmob: 1 times
twtrtraffic mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
nikolittlestar mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
vyomashar mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
glrules mentions:
  @MatthewFurey: 1 times
  @TutonMe: 1 times
  @killorn: 1 times
bezibaerchen mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
xocolatebar mentions:
  @DyaneG: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
bigb3n mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
nonicknames mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
theavenged mentions:
  @Sweetddy: 1 times
  @EarlTwitition: 1 times
  @XstonerkellyX: 1 times
  @stillbornrec: 1 times
  @livetosingxo: 1 times
beautiful_waste mentions:
  @MissMetal666: 1 times
dabobabo mentions:
  @newmediaphoto: 1 times
jan_geronimo mentions:
  @Cisklager: 1 times
  @philrox: 1 times
oliverpapst mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
schleider mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
garygannon mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mdee14 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
visuellepr mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
jdanielsusat mentions:
  @triplecrown: 1 times
  @thewinediary: 1 times
  @lauriniskasaari: 1 times
  @HoppyBrewing: 1 times
  @OnlyBeerNews: 1 times
  @JWallaceWrites: 1 times
  @LeslieKnope: 1 times
  @Downtown50309: 1 times
planetinspace mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
richard_allen mentions:
  @butterflydays: 1 times
rabattauto mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
u2holic mentions:
  @moderndayjunto: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @gregular: 1 times
  @phatcheeks: 1 times
  @u2holic: 1 times
  @LarsonAssociate: 1 times
  @donaldc4: 1 times
philleahy mentions:
  @mattledford: 1 times
  @colderICE: 1 times
  @cloudconversion: 1 times
  @vealmince: 1 times
  @aknecht: 1 times
shannonontheweb mentions:
  @FairyBlogMother: 1 times
  @DavidDCain: 1 times
  @porsidan: 1 times
wounded_warrior mentions:
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @Fingertipnews: 1 times
  @RICK: 1 times
  @McCore: 1 times
  @LostNMissing: 1 times
  @JonesBeach1988: 1 times
  @fjstreeter: 1 times
peterkurth mentions:
  @cdunews: 1 times
  @SuperSarkozy: 1 times
misterf mentions:
  @erniegoggins: 1 times
mssoon2befamous mentions:
  @MSSOON2BEFAMOUS: 1 times
  @iSipsizzy: 1 times
  @PeeWeeArnold: 1 times
  @riskybizness23: 1 times
  @AgesTheGREAT: 1 times
extramint mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
pollydrew mentions:
prolificd mentions:
  @b50: 1 times
  @aalaap: 1 times
  @anaggh: 1 times
  @netra: 1 times
  @shaktijs: 1 times
  @punkpolkadots: 1 times
  @asfaq: 1 times
leglesslush mentions:
  @adrence: 1 times
  @crusaderz4life: 1 times
  @donnette: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
melika626 mentions:
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
rleseberg mentions:
  @lance02: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @ecoblips: 1 times
  @brucepsmith: 1 times
  @mandiengram: 1 times
  @EverybodySafe: 1 times
rossarntson mentions:
  @MindTalk: 1 times
  @bookmom: 1 times
  @OaklandFans: 1 times
  @AlexLimInc: 1 times
  @jacksonp2008: 1 times
lindagabriel mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lukas119 mentions:
  @norberthayduk@alexschnapper: 1 times
  @UliBeudgen: 1 times
kureng mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
chiefsanjay mentions:
  @keeda: 1 times
  @viveksingh: 1 times
  @sanjukta: 1 times
  @aafreen: 1 times
  @priyaflorence: 1 times
  @srushtirao: 1 times
  @wickedweirdwitch: 1 times
  @prashantkandwal: 1 times
  @NipaShah: 1 times
  @HarshitD: 1 times
sociallycubed mentions:
  @TheRealNobody: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @SociallyCubed: 1 times
  @RevRen: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @Dut: 1 times
cynnergies mentions:
  @Cynnergies: 1 times
  @davidgideon: 1 times
  @tanyanoel: 1 times
  @buddhagyrl: 1 times
  @amysbusticket: 1 times
teddy_salad mentions:
  @bicoastalite: 1 times
  @nedrunning: 1 times
claramata mentions:
  @NathanFillion: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @SylarsArmy: 1 times
willyouatme mentions:
tobiasrocks mentions:
  @tweetrankAttention: 1 times
blimage mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
michighlander mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
robots_ mentions:
  @espankeh: 1 times
gblanclaine mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
rationem mentions:
  @Naxos: 1 times
  @cdishere: 1 times
michellechase mentions:
  @oklahomared: 1 times
  @Falahime: 1 times
  @StefanMK1: 1 times
ericedelstein mentions:
  @EranEyal: 2 times
  @EricEdelstein: 1 times
  @springleap: 1 times
  @springleaping: 1 times
_flik_ mentions:
idag mentions:
  @DRIKSROCK: 1 times
annkur mentions:
  @arpit105: 1 times
  @vivekk: 1 times
jayne0807 mentions:
  @TessMorris: 1 times
  @childrenstrust: 1 times
aishacol76 mentions:
  @shikarasolis: 1 times
  @aishacol76: 1 times
  @babylove14: 1 times
  @crusaderz4life: 1 times
  @mickelllee: 1 times
  @rockstarnati: 1 times
  @william84: 1 times
  @xfranchizex: 1 times
derbandit mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
dlwilsonsworld mentions:
  @DarrenSproat: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
franzislitfass mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
anglia_execs mentions:
  @moragg: 1 times
  @katecameron2002: 1 times
springleap mentions:
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @wisequeen: 1 times
  @Tuism: 1 times
  @ericedelstein: 1 times
  @cjs3: 1 times
  @wotto76: 1 times
  @warholbot: 1 times
  @Mpieters: 1 times
  @JonanthanAB: 1 times
  @TalyaGoldberg: 1 times
anveso mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
keeda mentions:
  @gulpanag: 1 times
ankita_gaba mentions:
  @chhavi: 1 times
  @adese: 1 times
  @roshnimo: 1 times
  @ankitagaba: 1 times
  @twilightfairy: 1 times
  @shaaqT: 1 times
  @netra: 1 times
maxibimbi mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
naxos mentions:
  @rationem: 1 times
  @Naxos: 1 times
  @cdishere: 1 times
twtwfy mentions:
  @ingridk: 1 times
  @twtwfy: 1 times
  @Cllrtim: 1 times
djhewetson mentions:
  @supercopygurl: 1 times
  @TanyaDS: 1 times
  @KimberScott: 1 times
  @imjustcreative: 1 times
noizee mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
reginabrix mentions:
  @michaeldunker: 1 times
  @nicolebralo: 1 times
  @andifey: 1 times
  @navigogo: 1 times
raveonroadshow mentions:
  @Lalouba: 1 times
  @alexhighton: 1 times
  @ExpatCookie: 1 times
  @thesundaybest: 1 times
  @sivers: 1 times
  @johnathanfluevog: 1 times
  @adriennepirce: 1 times
  @vogville: 1 times
elavrov mentions:
  @elavrov: 1 times
  @daltukhov: 1 times
  @lourdezzz: 1 times
iemelem mentions:
  @orangetoorange: 1 times
digitalland mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
domicella mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
justmoney mentions:
  @silverguru1: 1 times
  @Tech4Law: 1 times
  @luefkens: 1 times
  @CandiceHolgate: 1 times
  @takkie13: 1 times
  @mandyjwatson: 1 times
  @kenyanpundit: 1 times
  @alice: 1 times
  @SunnyKitchen: 1 times
stephengonzalez mentions:
  @justamoochin@Tomas57: 1 times
  @howlertwit: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @Amalari: 1 times
  @lrpw1302: 1 times
  @RockyBradley: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @kinaton: 1 times
chrisishappy mentions:
  @DplusM3: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
lclark360 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
kingmandrake mentions:
  @xpressla: 1 times
  @tweetrank: 1 times
tyseale mentions:
  @ricklondon: 1 times
  @jbielofficial: 1 times
  @AZBlueEyes: 1 times
  @DreamDoctor: 1 times
drinus mentions:
misstdoe mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 2 times
  @Monicks: 1 times
henriachterkamp mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
azblueeyes mentions:
  @Ritalynman: 1 times
  @AZBlueEyes: 1 times
  @organdon4lifelol: 1 times
mindrover mentions:
  @gemmak500: 1 times
  @marcnobbs: 1 times
  @Miowkitty: 1 times
  @Butterflyshoes: 1 times
  @martinxo: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @MizzTeeze: 1 times
  @Mindrover: 1 times
  @Chubbx: 1 times
curiousjosh mentions:
  @burncast: 1 times
  @divadanielle: 1 times
gloomyrain2 mentions:
  @anime4newbees: 1 times
  @otakumitsukai: 1 times
  @SubbedAnime: 1 times
handsoncards mentions:
  @supafu: 1 times
marleed mentions:
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @billrider: 1 times
  @GirlCaptivated: 1 times
  @BiasedGirl: 1 times
  @marleed: 1 times
  @echopulse: 1 times
  @hiphopgrandpa: 1 times
tweeetstreet mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lllaxtep mentions:
  @alfedab: 1 times
fannyfanackapan mentions:
  @crowsond: 1 times
cocosbutter mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @crside: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @CocosButter: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
michaelacorbett mentions:
  @Nicholas1136: 1 times
rouven mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
dakster9 mentions:
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @mideastyouth: 1 times
  @shahrzadmo: 1 times
  @SusanneUre: 1 times
  @Elizrael: 1 times
  @PupaKat: 1 times
  @iranpresswatch: 1 times
  @Kawdess: 1 times
guruofsale mentions:
  @SweetCake: 1 times
  @DawnSandomeno: 1 times
  @dashchang: 1 times
  @TimothyBlack: 1 times
  @EthanJaynes: 1 times
  @veronicaduran: 1 times
  @JayceonMovement: 1 times
  @GuildWarsBaby: 1 times
jorgeseguro mentions:
  @Lmalopes: 1 times
  @AscensoSimoes: 1 times
dotlepkowska mentions:
egomro4 mentions:
  @egomro4: 1 times
  @Mrsegomro4: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @CCArquette: 1 times
  @Fanlock: 1 times
  @IvyBean104: 1 times
  @langfordperry: 1 times
  @mabel1922: 1 times
  @SherriEShepherd: 1 times
_corruptedangel mentions:
  @linnette1: 1 times
  @theDeanoRama: 1 times
damahug mentions:
  @judithdeboer: 1 times
dai_bach mentions:
melodychase mentions:
  @RocketLlama: 1 times
foxygknits mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mkupperman mentions:
bogdancojo mentions:
sok765 mentions:
  @SOK765: 1 times
jenowen mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
  @Ohdoctah: 1 times
oktanapropos mentions:
  @inahill: 1 times
  @sherget: 1 times
  @magnumphotos: 1 times
kudaibergen mentions:
  @sigmund: 1 times
  @Kudaibergen: 1 times
  @Quessir: 1 times
rohan_g mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
aznextgov mentions:
larissabest mentions:
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
ideasoutloud mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
c0rmican mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tyrelassie mentions:
  @beezan: 1 times
jasonthebaldguy mentions:
  @dadofspeckids: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @TrueSongMedia: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @SwitchingGranny: 1 times
  @bruwmac: 1 times
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
col2k8 mentions:
  @dannyrob: 1 times
  @scottishsteveo: 1 times
  @Doovde: 1 times
  @stub: 1 times
  @drunkenmonkey87: 1 times
  @stigblog: 1 times
  @ahj: 1 times
  @GrantMc: 1 times
pearlydean mentions:
  @beedsta: 1 times
  @peterfrancon: 1 times
felixnuno76 mentions:
  @JorgeSeguro: 1 times
  @GL: 1 times
  @nunoroby: 1 times
  @joaomiranda: 1 times
  @nataliacarvalho: 1 times
nixb19 mentions:
  @rockofages: 1 times
  @n2nbroadway: 1 times
  @hairtribe: 1 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
philharrison mentions:
  @calamari: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
annabelkaye mentions:
  @WWisewolf: 1 times
  @beiruta: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @BrightBlessings: 1 times
  @sharoneden: 1 times
  @karenpurves: 1 times
jayme1988 mentions:
  @Liamh22: 1 times
  @PerezHilton: 1 times
peachypictures mentions:
  @MKWoody: 1 times
janskay mentions:
  @WESH: 1 times
susanklein mentions:
  @terri5me2000: 1 times
  @SusanKlein: 1 times
  @MarinaFlyer: 1 times
  @Kdpalme@BestBodayDetox: 1 times
peterscast mentions:
  @Piets: 1 times
  @macode: 1 times
  @schlingel: 1 times
  @LeCram: 1 times
  @PetersCast: 1 times
eraneyal mentions:
  @AmericanYard: 2 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
redantiques mentions:
gdvanc mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
witchamy mentions:
  @drew: 1 times
  @bunnybubbles: 1 times
  @jmliss: 1 times
  @lostmitten: 1 times
  @TheHouseofMouse: 1 times
  @rockstarima: 1 times
  @designsbysandy@Raisinlike: 1 times
  @OceanSol@immarci: 1 times
  @NittyKnits: 1 times
taufiqh mentions:
  @msniKai: 1 times
ziqel mentions:
  @marillin: 1 times
lovedior1 mentions:
  @RaulRichter: 1 times
lookmeupdotcom mentions:
  @RebeccaHagelin: 1 times
alvinyudistira mentions:
  @DixieDynamite: 1 times
  @KathyKolbe: 1 times
web2greg mentions:
  @smokintiger: 2 times
kreativlustvoll mentions:
  @orngnrvrhng: 1 times
charonqc mentions:
techmommi mentions:
  @Parentella: 1 times
  @toojiggy: 1 times
  @NTFFC: 1 times
  @AlfredEdmondJr: 1 times
  @darrenmonroe: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
nrgcoacht mentions:
  @DarrenSproat: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
jules166 mentions:
  @molliewestie: 1 times
  @poppydog: 1 times
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
  @laddiethemutt: 1 times
  @robbiewestie: 1 times
sdivulgence mentions:
  @kohldj: 1 times
  @dudendaeaseonup: 1 times
  @ladygaga: 1 times
  @aarongillespie: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @therattlesnake: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @pcdnicole: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
kellydavenport mentions:
  @schnoll007: 2 times
  @SweetPeaAngel: 1 times
  @KellyDavenport: 1 times
  @JimQuillen2: 1 times
  @freebies4mom: 1 times
  @cutepeafreebies: 1 times
  @sawickis: 1 times
  @EADFL: 1 times
benninghofflaw mentions:
  @BeatTheBar: 1 times
  @legalninjaKris: 1 times
  @CharlieRamos: 1 times
  @mikeszudarek: 1 times
  @saclawlibrarian: 1 times
dmd2live mentions:
  @alfedab: 1 times
bordadoingles mentions:
  @publico: 1 times
the_apostate mentions:
deniswbarnard mentions:
  @AnnabelKaye: 1 times
  @oldshep: 1 times
  @vizualhr: 1 times
  @TrishHR: 1 times
  @HRIQ: 1 times
  @rapidbi: 1 times
  @NW3Media: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @nikkipilkington: 1 times
executive321 mentions:
  @coreyskort: 1 times
mattevans mentions:
  @forwardadam: 1 times
beelzebot mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
frankhannigan mentions:
  @Dogfoodlady: 1 times
  @ferretsplace: 1 times
  @nosyferret: 1 times
  @LifeWithFerrets: 1 times
nicolathefiat mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @bosskhouston: 1 times
  @GuitarDragon: 1 times
  @NicolaTheFiat: 1 times
  @MadgeC: 1 times
  @Butterose: 1 times
  @HoneyDrop74: 1 times
  @PSCoach: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
wwarii mentions:
  @ww2db: 1 times
dtharris mentions:
  @meiCox: 1 times
  @LennyKravitz: 1 times
  @KarenWoW: 1 times
  @rockalternative: 1 times
  @jamiecochran: 1 times
  @mykisslife: 1 times
  @ThrashHits: 1 times
  @MettalicaLive: 1 times
  @metalmagazin: 1 times
  @ACDC: 1 times
yorksville mentions:
  @QueenofScots67: 1 times
  @JessicasTrust: 1 times
nedrunning mentions:
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @NiksieThePixie: 1 times
  @imrananwar: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @ncosta24: 1 times
niksiethepixie mentions:
  @NunoAbrantes: 1 times
  @andremcarvalho: 1 times
  @PF2009: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @niksiethepixie: 1 times
sswayze mentions:
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
  @TheEntertainer: 1 times
marymerys mentions:
davecharbonneau mentions:
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
petervizel mentions:
  @IntentionalChoc: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @bjm38: 1 times
  @thequeenoftarts: 1 times
  @coffeytalk: 1 times
  @KalahariTea: 1 times
  @DemarquetteChoc: 1 times
sicksiderz mentions:
  @aisyarebel: 1 times
  @ArminASOT: 1 times
  @ayusukmaputri: 1 times
  @dashberlin: 1 times
  @jiniusatwork: 1 times
  @LeJonny: 1 times
  @majapahit: 1 times
  @PetRUSH: 1 times
  @saritaonline: 1 times
  @yunazarai: 1 times
brianwelburn mentions:
  @iJoyRadio: 1 times
  @markbaars: 1 times
  @pcornqueen: 1 times
  @mzondag: 1 times
  @JesseWBrown: 1 times
  @paulina1: 1 times
  @PodCastRob: 1 times
  @pfmonaco: 1 times
ukcrafts mentions:
  @mattchedit: 1 times
jessicastrust mentions:
  @DAZ081068: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
davidjohnharris mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
bfcom mentions:
  @pottan: 1 times
  @bazajaytee: 1 times
  @ilcarpentero: 1 times
  @marcusnulsson: 1 times
  @goodmanea: 1 times
  @ichitheiller: 1 times
  @acarlsson: 1 times
  @nahr: 1 times
collidingatoms mentions:
  @streetanchor: 1 times
jfilms mentions:
  @screenscribe: 1 times
mammoth87 mentions:
  @pinkerjen: 1 times
  @TasneemAmani: 1 times
  @CapeTown: 1 times
  @CathrynR: 1 times
  @LisaTalia: 1 times
  @AmandaSevasti: 1 times
  @Aneeqah: 1 times
  @verashni: 1 times
  @FlySAcoza: 1 times
leshansom mentions:
  @childrenstrust: 1 times
thelewddude mentions:
  @AbusiveBear: 1 times
  @martywittrock: 1 times
  @orangeoscar: 1 times
  @thelewddude: 1 times
faeezha mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
modelsidm mentions:
  @Lipstick: 1 times
williecrawford mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
n3rd mentions:
  @chelseanico: 1 times
  @restartt: 1 times
  @emilybetty: 1 times
  @TINYBONES: 1 times
  @jacvanek: 1 times
  @TUFTSMANIA: 1 times
  @brookstuh: 1 times
  @hipsterrunoff: 1 times
  @urbandaily: 1 times
japmap2009 mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
superlambanana mentions:
  @yorksville: 1 times
thejoshmeister mentions:
  @alyankovic: 1 times
fun4fido mentions:
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @petrait: 1 times
  @petplan: 1 times
rhiarti mentions:
  @MKupperman: 1 times
llawen mentions:
  @childrenstrust: 1 times
elocio mentions:
  @meanolmeany: 1 times
  @timdoctor: 1 times
  @richardfstewart: 1 times
  @thekmgirl: 1 times
  @jimmybradley: 1 times
  @BonzerWolf: 1 times
  @amandakathryn: 1 times
  @bazasho@mattklewis: 1 times
hypnotized805 mentions:
  @caseycalifornia: 1 times
  @MrMacRoo: 1 times
  @AngelMKDiva: 1 times
  @staceystorey: 1 times
  @deancummings: 1 times
  @nessie111: 1 times
  @xxmarypoppinsxx: 1 times
  @rmesa: 1 times
  @ManBearPig: 1 times
jamessweetman mentions:
  @motivcoach: 1 times
aakriti mentions:
  @anshul: 1 times
sorcha69 mentions:
  @funnykeithlyle: 1 times
  @tittybird: 1 times
  @stanandollie: 1 times
  @sadknob: 1 times
  @orangy68: 1 times
jeffreysummers mentions:
makeatailwag mentions:
liannepacker mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
davidbain mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
markie24dublin mentions:
  @marken29: 1 times
erkleferkle mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
imastranger mentions:
  @marccortes: 1 times
  @guell: 1 times
  @ancude: 1 times
  @aguerrero: 1 times
belairmagazine mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
denmanair mentions:
  @amure1991: 1 times
  @kellywilliams4: 1 times
ultigirl mentions:
  @Melkirk: 1 times
  @10Yetis: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @AnnabelKaye: 1 times
  @GoodandBadPR: 1 times
  @randommelsmum: 1 times
cal_el_uk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @PaulSimonMac: 1 times
kitz007 mentions:
  @Aakriti: 1 times
  @anshul: 1 times
hoshisato mentions:
  @MeisterderO: 1 times
aalaap mentions:
  @aalaap: 1 times
ladyje mentions:
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
  @tacey: 1 times
algarveandaze mentions:
  @storyseeker: 1 times
  @gurubrian: 1 times
brat13 mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @TomSiwik: 1 times
  @successsingles: 1 times
  @Tuxeen: 1 times
  @StatiK99: 1 times
  @Brat13: 1 times
  @Wulffy: 1 times
brexians mentions:
  @spyrosvj: 1 times
  @ShaunyHoyes: 1 times
  @toyotagladstone: 1 times
paulakelly mentions:
  @MarketingDonut: 1 times
hjmart mentions:
  @platinumpanties: 1 times
  @promisin: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @kchall: 1 times
scbound mentions:
  @sohood: 1 times
  @PrimeObjective: 1 times
  @shabooty: 1 times
  @itsriggs513: 1 times
  @GermW: 1 times
  @fuzeb: 1 times
  @DocKingSwagg: 1 times
  @EdLegend: 1 times
  @AlanFuckinJones: 1 times
  @scbound: 1 times
latinobooknews mentions:
  @tcravet: 1 times
jessicakorman mentions:
  @whskr: 1 times
  @JessicaKorman: 1 times
  @JJProjects: 1 times
  @HandmadeNews: 1 times
  @Artfire: 1 times
  @Riskybeads: 1 times
  @Catswire: 1 times
  @zzzValzzz: 1 times
norri mentions:
  @FeistyFemale: 1 times
  @djhewetson: 1 times
  @msbehavn: 1 times
  @khayadlanga: 1 times
  @simondingle: 1 times
  @gabyrosario: 1 times
  @SheBeeGee: 1 times
  @EveD: 1 times
  @woganmay: 1 times
  @lisabreedt: 1 times
  @barryroodt: 1 times
attaweej mentions:
  @howard74: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @DrDebBrown: 1 times
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @KeithKong: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @COTweeters: 1 times
  @valenzetti: 1 times
  @attaweej: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
annalaia mentions:
  @hjmart: 1 times
  @blueberrycream: 1 times
  @GYLewis: 1 times
  @meredithfenwick@nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @annalaia: 1 times
  @WHalterman: 1 times
  @AwakenJournal: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @icantseeyou: 1 times
ramonbln mentions:
  @tapura: 1 times
paulo_one mentions:
  @greatfulbread: 1 times
  @PlannedBrohood: 1 times
  @joeschmitt: 1 times
  @Spotus: 1 times
  @ryanr14: 1 times
  @climbingnarc: 1 times
  @nick: 1 times
davidwinch mentions:
  @PamConquest: 1 times
  @breckland: 1 times
ilexius mentions:
  @hessischbabbler: 1 times
pixie_dust294 mentions:
  @LucasGrabeel: 1 times
  @theMaryKate: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @eonline: 1 times
  @LucasCruikshank: 1 times
  @olgakay: 1 times
  @sincerelykimmi: 1 times
  @theDebbyRyan: 1 times
  @crispayfries: 1 times
  @JoelMadden: 1 times
joshuadenney mentions:
  @MeMason: 1 times
  @jeweleryguru: 1 times
  @sassyele: 1 times
  @n0tin: 1 times
  @Donfuxx: 1 times
  @Lorraine: 1 times
  @misty50: 1 times
julienrayneau mentions:
  @dorotheetouil: 1 times
subutcher mentions:
  @StephenBray: 1 times
  @ethnicsupplies: 1 times
  @subutcher: 1 times
  @essexcourier: 1 times
  @babssaul: 1 times
stimpled0rf mentions:
  @burkazoid: 1 times
quirkyvegan mentions:
  @mossyrants: 1 times
helmholtzplatz mentions:
  @andileser: 1 times
ingvildanita mentions:
  @Sigrun: 1 times
  @tomtveitan: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @odegarden: 1 times
karkaremtg mentions:
  @annkur: 1 times
sedederede mentions:
  @BordadoIngles: 1 times
shoptilldrop mentions:
  @maidincheshire: 1 times
  @twinkle47: 1 times
  @pamela1966: 1 times
  @efan78: 1 times
  @smartiej: 1 times
artlandis mentions:
  @nerapoesia: 1 times
  @virgola: 1 times
  @pepperyna: 1 times
  @Ghido: 1 times
  @Dania: 1 times
  @arancioamaro: 1 times
  @Lurenz: 1 times
  @SpAb: 1 times
  @AlessandraNoor: 1 times
  @Manzanarre: 1 times
  @urbanohumano: 1 times
joiningthewar mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @JoiningTheWar: 1 times
  @KiwiiKink: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
maxie2007 mentions:
  @neuroaster: 1 times
  @joerussbowman: 1 times
  @WillYouAtMe: 1 times
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
  @kevleitch: 1 times
  @anjinpradhan: 1 times
  @maxie2007: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
grahunt mentions:
  @ZakoMedia: 1 times
  @MYIL1: 1 times
commonpurpose mentions:
  @EdHart: 1 times
  @CordUK: 1 times
cheshirewoman mentions:
  @caroljs: 1 times
  @lilandtedsmum: 1 times
  @ionwen: 1 times
  @bigdotmedia: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
  @OfficialVernonK: 1 times
  @BeverleyKnight: 1 times
stevesmorgon mentions:
  @willdonovan: 1 times
  @sammismorgs: 1 times
  @stevesmorgon: 1 times
  @isnap: 1 times
  @maxoz: 1 times
  @socialmediamum: 1 times
  @katekendall: 1 times
  @melinachan: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @lukegrange: 1 times
purpleandgold mentions:
  @lakersnation: 1 times
  @DerekFisher: 1 times
ilkere mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
hnprashanth mentions:
  @FagunB: 1 times
fionaflame mentions:
  @TracyBrinkmann: 1 times
  @JackiePurnell: 1 times
  @DINA: 1 times
  @BrainFitness: 1 times
  @DoITYourselfNow: 1 times
  @michelleflores: 1 times
  @libertygirl3: 1 times
  @F: 1 times
stevenagata mentions:
  @KyleHase: 1 times
  @sireneastarduino: 1 times
  @pukupimobilenetwork: 1 times
  @mitchoyoshitakaintelligent: 1 times
arpit105 mentions:
  @karkaremtg: 1 times
  @annkur: 1 times
karinb_za mentions:
  @dexter: 1 times
  @mangowe: 1 times
  @fakevyvyan: 1 times
  @astynes: 1 times
vidanov mentions:
  @Logunov: 1 times
  @FunnyAnna: 1 times
  @dianaeva: 1 times
  @temmokan: 1 times
  @Skrepka: 1 times
  @kondotier: 1 times
  @russiansinuk: 1 times
  @aidmax: 1 times
  @elavrov: 1 times
hollywoodtan2u mentions:
  @lakersnation: 1 times
  @DerekFisher: 1 times
bappsack mentions:
  @HerrNic: 1 times
kwabena mentions:
  @cuddlebird: 1 times
  @egyatayi: 1 times
  @dambisamoyo: 1 times
  @NameCheap: 1 times
  @DCBuppie: 1 times
  @Abocco: 1 times
  @AfricaTalks: 1 times
  @davos: 1 times
  @ktdv1: 1 times
  @maneno: 1 times
  @obaasima: 1 times
  @myfabolouslife: 1 times
joker4bb mentions:
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
tradinggoddess mentions:
  @wallstreetheat: 1 times
tsuvik mentions:
  @FagunB: 1 times
andydickens mentions:
  @SuButcher: 1 times
parisianchic mentions:
  @champagnemanoir: 1 times
  @sheepy71: 1 times
  @fredharrison: 1 times
  @ParisianChic: 1 times
  @BasseCopette: 1 times
  @cheyroux: 1 times
  @AllTheSausages: 1 times
vitaminych mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
akavirtualpa mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @cougarcandy: 1 times
  @missmelbourne: 1 times
  @marcome: 1 times
  @melfresh27: 1 times
  @heykim: 1 times
  @jantjevdp: 1 times
  @fatmanblues: 1 times
  @akavirtualpa: 1 times
  @urbansmiler: 1 times
weirdchina mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
allaboutcroydon mentions:
  @guyatcarphone: 1 times
mattehh mentions:
  @davidrules04: 1 times
minxieme mentions:
  @richontwitter: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @Ninjahoodie: 1 times
  @kidcapricious: 1 times
  @loopymups: 1 times
  @MummaBear: 1 times
  @MacDavid: 1 times
  @marcflores: 1 times
  @misstj: 1 times
  @minxieme: 1 times
  @Naz: 1 times
johncarnell mentions:
tabloidterror mentions:
  @plusmodelBrooke: 1 times
  @miafreedman: 1 times
  @theredfox: 1 times
  @pinwheelgirl: 1 times
mylifescape mentions:
  @Flavid: 1 times
  @superficialgirl: 1 times
aberonline mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @susanpreston: 1 times
  @fineinteriorsTY: 1 times
  @SandiDarwin: 1 times
  @omomom: 1 times
  @AberOnline: 1 times
  @Koolkieran: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
littleredpillow mentions:
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @YourChessCoach: 1 times
  @parkbrees: 1 times
  @MattBovell: 1 times
  @rwm6f9: 1 times
  @richstep51: 1 times
  @LittleRedPillow: 1 times
  @RockingtheRobin: 1 times
diskoteq mentions:
  @graffitiby: 1 times
  @lunniy: 1 times
  @rocknbeat: 1 times
  @beagressive: 1 times
  @egorka: 1 times
  @diskoteq: 1 times
  @kirkm8: 1 times
  @pimenov: 1 times
  @slaver: 1 times
admrich mentions:
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @LimeScribe: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
mrmwrites mentions:
  @arpit105: 1 times
gadgeterija mentions:
  @NuMessiah: 1 times
  @cvrkorg: 1 times
alexs77 mentions:
  @ThomasL: 1 times
  @BoehningB: 1 times
psychicsarah mentions:
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @psychicsarah: 1 times
  @Lates: 1 times
  @feyhandmade: 1 times
  @sherryfetzer: 1 times
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @mrsforrey: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
srav_izhere mentions:
  @Aakriti: 1 times
  @anshul: 1 times
valerie__v mentions:
  @pixelfreund: 1 times
  @ymotux: 1 times
  @dworni: 1 times
  @damianamherd: 1 times
  @agentcmos@jaegi: 1 times
  @avongunten: 1 times
  @valeriev: 1 times
  @capo42: 1 times
  @lexiepixie: 1 times
deejackson mentions:
  @mykitchenstore: 1 times
gratitudelove mentions:
  @1KC: 1 times
  @FitClubNetwork: 1 times
  @Vince35: 1 times
  @padrelife: 1 times
  @Teratoma: 1 times
  @BecksBeer: 1 times
  @ATTNews: 1 times
  @MuscleNerd: 1 times
  @heygip: 1 times
  @choose2befit: 1 times
_comedycentral mentions:
  @matola: 1 times
toscanamia mentions:
  @thetraveltweet: 1 times
  @utuscany: 1 times
  @KevinMims: 1 times
  @Woywegia: 1 times
  @TuscanyTraveler: 1 times
  @ARoadRetraveled: 1 times
  @ToscanaMia: 1 times
wrinklydragon mentions:
  @BostinBloke: 2 times
  @iotaMEDIA: 1 times
djerockalypze mentions:
  @DJTwixx: 1 times
  @TheeRealFDHC: 1 times
  @HollyValentine: 1 times
  @daveytina: 1 times
  @KidSisterMelisa: 1 times
  @djerockalypze: 1 times
  @BPMmagazine: 1 times
leesimpson mentions:
  @jonstep: 1 times
chrisjakob mentions:
  @edziolem360: 1 times
  @Rmercader: 1 times
  @Skighwalker: 1 times
  @chrisbaggott: 1 times
  @ChrisJakob: 1 times
  @stevefrank: 1 times
  @cjuon: 1 times
  @whollysblog: 1 times
  @atyourfeet: 1 times
  @propstm@ba: 1 times
happymalesingle mentions:
  @trudeswelt: 1 times
  @julefatima: 1 times
parboo mentions:
  @CordUK: 1 times
  @EdHart: 1 times
xtremeauthority mentions:
  @RaeRaeDizzaster: 1 times
  @northernsweetie: 1 times
  @Syke420: 1 times
  @colinsteers: 1 times
  @realmfox: 1 times
  @OrganicJar: 1 times
deanhammond mentions:
  @WendellHowe: 1 times
riaanbth mentions:
  @karinbza: 1 times
melgow mentions:
  @ExpeditionJim: 1 times
  @amazonwalkers: 1 times
  @mireyamayor: 1 times
  @rozsavage: 1 times
jamescameron mentions:
  @mtrends: 1 times
  @lisawhelan: 1 times
spked mentions:
  @benycow: 1 times
  @amberbenson: 1 times
kirstyburgoine mentions:
  @toddhalfpenny: 1 times
knowled mentions:
  @ManfredMessmer: 1 times
lilvalkrie mentions:
  @ItalianCooking: 1 times
  @civis: 1 times
helenthornber mentions:
sharepositivity mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 2 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @JewelryTutorial: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
adese mentions:
  @ankitagaba: 2 times
  @chhavi: 1 times
  @adese: 1 times
  @roshnimo: 1 times
  @twilightfairyD: 1 times
vitorcunha mentions:
  @dejerusalem: 1 times
richandrome mentions:
  @richandrome: 1 times
channeloflight mentions:
  @donreding: 1 times
  @freedomwithme: 1 times
  @GenaLiving: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @SeeItAsPerfect: 1 times
  @sheridd: 1 times
courtody mentions:
  @sydneyuni: 1 times
  @honi09: 1 times
danielhorth mentions:
  @AdrianSaunders: 1 times
  @5yearoldwisdom: 1 times
  @anecdoteman: 1 times
carcaredirect mentions:
  @shaungisbourne: 1 times
lsmedialtd mentions:
  @palomafaith: 1 times
bobbiealice mentions:
  @SuicideGirls: 1 times
  @Kniink: 1 times
  @Phunkyvenom: 1 times
  @paramorefans: 1 times
  @Starbucks: 1 times
  @MoodySanguine: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
  @FragDolls: 1 times
retnev mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
holidaycottage mentions:
  @ChrisHatch: 1 times
maddi82 mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
horp mentions:
  @macacodasorte: 1 times
  @ShankEight: 1 times
  @sorenlorenson: 1 times
disney_cjd mentions:
  @Hotspur1882: 1 times
  @Tottenhamlet: 1 times
  @avk61: 1 times
  @spursshow: 1 times
  @disneycjd: 1 times
  @markcrosby: 1 times
  @daveeeeeed: 1 times
  @iainaitch: 1 times
  @philblythe: 1 times
latimestot mentions:
  @PorkChopJones: 1 times
  @greenpeaceusa: 1 times
  @LATimestot: 1 times
  @Lunac312: 1 times
  @SusanRaymond: 1 times
  @FARMUSA: 1 times
  @bobmaiman: 1 times
  @dmf71: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
  @liberalredneck: 1 times
kevinaires mentions:
  @jtonline: 1 times
  @andypiper: 1 times
  @michaelrowe01: 1 times
  @sachac: 1 times
  @ragtag: 1 times
  @pranab: 1 times
  @SilviaEmilia: 1 times
  @whyleyc: 1 times
burtonztweet mentions:
  @BuddingGenius: 1 times
wanda_g mentions:
  @trudeswelt: 1 times
filos mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
claytoncalhoon mentions:
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @rmspradlin: 1 times
  @jenuinejen: 1 times
  @TexasLiberty: 1 times
  @auctioneerist: 1 times
fudgecrumpet mentions:
  @mizzteeze: 1 times
apassion4jazz mentions:
  @ElementsOfJazz: 1 times
  @ElliFordyce: 1 times
  @andibob: 1 times
  @ArteDeb: 1 times
  @enaudpenant: 1 times
tajmahal07 mentions:
  @axljung: 1 times
kei_shimada mentions:
  @papadimitriou: 1 times
pcsketch mentions:
  @richstep51: 1 times
  @pcsketch: 1 times
greatminds_ mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @David365: 1 times
  @TheAffiliateGuy: 1 times
  @BreakThruGuy: 1 times
  @break9to5jail: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @skashliwal: 1 times
  @SocialiteEst783: 1 times
helgethomas mentions:
  @ulrikereinhard: 1 times
  @holadiho: 1 times
  @zoernert: 1 times
  @HDvalentin: 1 times
  @oliverg: 1 times
  @safttante: 1 times
  @MichaelJaegerTV: 1 times
  @Nordbergh: 1 times
  @elsebuschheuer: 1 times
pappup mentions:
  @GodzillaofJapan: 1 times
snowbear mentions:
mrmalgum mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lliswerryguy mentions:
  @CosmicMother: 1 times
  @zuppaholic: 1 times
  @saramorgan: 1 times
  @SomersetBob: 1 times
moreniches mentions:
  @DrSG: 1 times
  @RandyInman: 1 times
midnightmovies mentions:
  @peanutgnome: 1 times
  @thededmontonian: 1 times
palmermarchese mentions:
  @kaelahilton: 1 times
  @hannahervall: 1 times
  @peterireland: 1 times
blickbuster mentions:
  @cybilrat: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
gemgemz7 mentions:
msbehavn mentions:
  @Norri: 1 times
freshdigits mentions:
  @awebdesigner: 1 times
fadmedia mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
hodgesant mentions:
  @DaveClarke: 1 times
nbaturks mentions:
  @rain1907fb: 1 times
  @ELROSS: 1 times
  @InsideHoops: 1 times
  @NBATVChris: 1 times
  @turkishsoccer: 1 times
  @etanowitz: 1 times
  @AnoopDoggDesai: 1 times
  @nbatube: 1 times
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
  @derekfisher: 1 times
gooddaysunshine mentions:
clicknmortar mentions:
  @littlejuly: 1 times
  @SNEWOMAN: 1 times
  @brianducharme: 1 times
  @brookecoin: 1 times
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
shoes_in_herts mentions:
  @HolidayCottage: 1 times
  @ChrisHatch: 1 times
frenchmot mentions:
  @lkl: 1 times
lasershowpro mentions:
violetscruk mentions:
  @dbdc: 1 times
  @privatedoc: 1 times
  @dunc1025: 1 times
  @mfowmes: 1 times
  @nitch79: 1 times
  @billyscallywag: 1 times
  @jmccoy: 1 times
  @faulko1: 1 times
  @garethoshea: 1 times
  @garry1bowie: 1 times
  @gavlp: 1 times
manda_beth mentions:
  @daijamae@theobeest: 1 times
  @SakeOfAnimals@ersle: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule@RockyTB: 1 times
  @puregoldfriends: 1 times
trance_cat mentions:
555 mentions:
  @drewm: 1 times
draytonmanor mentions:
  @edjames1Happy: 1 times
  @edjames1: 1 times
bamachick10 mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
allisonmarlowe mentions:
  @AlohoArleen: 1 times
wyldfyregoddess mentions:
  @mirabeans: 1 times
  @mrsbeccijo: 1 times
  @AmyGaines: 1 times
  @LenoxKnitscrazycakes: 1 times
  @Nairtseuqe: 1 times
  @amberafternoon: 1 times
tw1sty mentions:
  @AKAVirtualPA: 1 times
hopefulauthor mentions:
  @DKBooks: 1 times
  @filmnoirgirl: 1 times
  @matt49er: 1 times
  @ConradGrills: 1 times
  @ijustine: 1 times
  @AdventureFarm: 1 times
  @JonathanMaberry: 1 times
  @Kevism: 1 times
schwindtpr mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
tattooed_mummy mentions:
  @FireFly74: 1 times
  @TattooedMummy: 1 times
cosmocat mentions:
  @jamesclay: 1 times
  @me: 1 times
  @you: 1 times
  @youknowhathisname: 1 times
  @them: 1 times
  @thatweirdbloke: 1 times
  @strangewoman: 1 times
  @someoneyoumetataconference: 1 times
  @whoever: 1 times
allieddetective mentions:
  @AllaboutCroydon: 1 times
  @AnnabelKaye: 1 times
yarinhochman mentions:
  @HilzFuld: 1 times
  @galm: 1 times
thecraigmorris mentions:
  @doodledawne: 1 times
shaaqt mentions:
  @chiefsanjay: 1 times
egyii mentions:
  @darrenwilliger: 1 times
  @Chrispinkapple: 1 times
  @egyii: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @opterios: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @lesameryl: 1 times
  @daveyank: 1 times
coreylg mentions:
  @mischiff: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
rickardloof mentions:
  @jaimikay: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
kiskitty mentions:
  @felinesophy: 1 times
  @canceranswer: 1 times
  @CariBarker: 1 times
  @SweetPeaAngel: 1 times
  @mrsfishstick: 1 times
  @NikitaWolf: 1 times
  @Jeizu: 1 times
  @jen43a: 1 times
ron659 mentions:
  @improvelife: 1 times
  @MichaelJStone: 1 times
  @CindyAshton: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @shanajackson: 1 times
  @BhamTNT: 1 times
  @2morrowknight: 1 times
orbitingfrog mentions:
  @bigbother: 1 times
vijaysankaran mentions:
  @db: 1 times
tiboll mentions:
  @nanais777: 1 times
soaks77 mentions:
  @askajanything: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
  @alydenisof: 1 times
  @proud2badork: 1 times
pvil mentions:
  @tpoema: 1 times
  @CharlyGonzalez: 1 times
  @ramonramon: 1 times
  @XIR3: 1 times
  @bobhm: 1 times
  @Perronaider: 1 times
reluctor mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
emmajanesaxby mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
amazonian_senna mentions:
  @EdCullen: 1 times
  @AccidentProne: 1 times
  @GoaskAlice: 1 times
  @EternalEsme: 1 times
  @CarlisleCullen: 1 times
  @JasperHale: 1 times
  @RosalieLHale: 1 times
  @EmmettMCullen: 1 times
  @MsNessaCullen: 1 times
duncanoldham mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
adlandsuit mentions:
  @Knorts: 1 times
  @adlandsuit: 1 times
  @BrandDNA: 1 times
  @katekendall: 1 times
jonasl mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
conormichael mentions:
  @brodyismefriend: 1 times
stday mentions:
  @rhettmiller: 1 times
giladby mentions:
  @yoavkutner: 1 times
  @yalisobol: 1 times
  @yonibloch: 1 times
thisstage mentions:
  @shadymint: 1 times
mathieulf mentions:
  @Kakoum: 1 times
  @TVQC: 1 times
  @guillaumeserale: 1 times
  @oyokoon: 1 times
  @garno: 1 times
  @pcarmich: 1 times
  @nicolasroberge: 1 times
  @grumpslab: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
stikr mentions:
  @georgeven: 1 times
  @AshFoo: 1 times
  @EricChambers: 1 times
  @jiric: 1 times
  @Naoij: 1 times
  @msalonen: 1 times
  @fankeow: 1 times
  @HeathCastor: 1 times
  @jholman23: 1 times
  @H3CT0RR0X523: 1 times
  @sykery: 1 times
  @santi: 1 times
itsdren mentions:
  @IAmLovingLife: 1 times
  @keeno: 1 times
  @SpiritusShelagh: 1 times
  @HomaGrown: 1 times
  @stevemarch: 1 times
magnusholmgren mentions:
  @simonscotland: 1 times
  @ChrisTwitery: 1 times
  @inotherwordsc: 1 times
  @michellesheiman: 1 times
  @dolbsterthepoet: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @baffled: 1 times
josephbrady mentions:
  @drscoundrels: 1 times
  @ichieh4brandon: 1 times
  @Loveandemulsion: 1 times
  @toyotagladstone: 1 times
  @Amilya: 1 times
  @bosskhouston: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
mikesamuels68 mentions:
  @brxbasingstoke: 1 times
mihirmodi mentions:
  @Aakriti: 1 times
  @anshul: 1 times
ieatmusic mentions:
serenityworks mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 2 times
psykad mentions:
  @Misstcalia: 1 times
harshitd mentions:
  @chiefsanjay: 1 times
  @keeda: 1 times
  @viveksingh: 1 times
  @sanjukta: 1 times
  @aafreen: 1 times
  @priyaflorence: 1 times
  @wickedweirdwitch: 1 times
  @prashantkandwal: 1 times
  @NipaShah: 1 times
  @HarshitD: 1 times
anwin mentions:
  @Aeroid: 1 times
  @BoehningB: 1 times
pktweets mentions:
  @seo2feel: 1 times
  @indianernews: 1 times
  @eisy: 1 times
  @baynado: 1 times
  @seounited: 1 times
  @boeserseo: 1 times
  @tameco: 1 times
  @seonaut: 1 times
  @MarkusWalter: 1 times
  @SOSblogger: 1 times
  @sabineschmeling: 1 times
hannalar mentions:
  @jonasl: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
keelesu mentions:
  @KeeleUniversity: 1 times
  @averyps: 1 times
  @dustybookmarks: 1 times
  @hannahhiles: 1 times
  @johneasom: 1 times
  @keelesu: 1 times
  @lordleeroy: 1 times
  @pandapoo: 1 times
  @paulmitchell89: 1 times
  @wilkesy5: 1 times
redsheep mentions:
  @jontravels: 1 times
zsafwan mentions:
  @khaled: 1 times
  @macosken: 1 times
  @TMOBryan: 1 times
  @shufflegazine: 1 times
  @DaveHamilton: 1 times
  @jgamet: 1 times
  @maccast: 1 times
  @mymac: 1 times
  @saudimac: 1 times
  @mnystedt: 1 times
  @victorcajiao: 1 times
here_astrid mentions:
rampent mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
mauriyambo mentions:
thedesignerbaby mentions:
  @impalaimpressio: 1 times
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
  @ChiggsLtd: 1 times
  @ethicalsoap: 1 times
  @tinysockcompany: 1 times
roux_greg mentions:
  @ChateauRoux: 1 times
  @rouxgreg: 1 times
  @rouxdave: 1 times
  @rouxlee: 1 times
  @rouxclaire: 1 times
  @rouxfaye: 1 times
winematcher mentions:
  @trethowansdairy: 1 times
philcoyne mentions:
  @gravitygirl: 1 times
purplefangs mentions:
  @miatyler: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @throwdown: 1 times
  @hatebreed: 1 times
  @chimaira: 1 times
  @setbacknyc: 1 times
  @MadballNYC: 1 times
radha_ mentions:
embatconsultors mentions:
  @joanballester: 1 times
  @contenidoseo: 1 times
  @perejoanoliver: 1 times
  @odioie: 1 times
  @jagmir: 1 times
  @embatconsultors: 1 times
plantbased mentions:
  @VegTV: 1 times
  @vegkitchRT: 1 times
  @andy: 1 times
  @greentravel1: 1 times
  @sqa: 1 times
  @cheergiver: 1 times
littlest_ninja mentions:
  @realianMorris: 1 times
aaupetit mentions:
  @florentM: 1 times
  @LaMinuteScience: 1 times
  @LeSaviezVous: 1 times
  @Vocabulax: 1 times
  @1Jour1Mot: 1 times
  @anglaiscours: 1 times
sherishambles mentions:
  @trx0x: 1 times
  @WhateverIsta: 1 times
  @homerstwin: 1 times
  @dontforgetchaos: 1 times
  @ChazzyCat: 1 times
  @JGDemas: 1 times
  @filmnoirgirl: 1 times
stevefeasey mentions:
  @Alexmilway: 1 times
  @HarryPigg: 1 times
  @barryhutchison: 1 times
  @MGHarris: 1 times
actorsmanager mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
ramnath mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dr_sg mentions:
  @thejars: 1 times
  @SweetPeaAngel: 1 times
  @DrSG: 1 times
  @RSDBeGone: 1 times
  @KissaHasRSD: 1 times
  @Wistroll: 1 times
  @joeygiggles: 1 times
  @Naanad: 1 times
  @RSDCRPS: 1 times
  @jimbulian: 1 times
  @BeeInspired: 1 times
barnet_27 mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
secret_thoughts mentions:
  @Leshansom: 1 times
  @ErotiquePress: 1 times
duchydee mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 2 times
mickyboyc mentions:
  @sunderlandsmile: 1 times
  @safc4ever: 1 times
  @safclyndz: 1 times
  @bootooyoo: 1 times
  @leeza78: 1 times
estoni mentions:
  @MauriYambo: 1 times
azandiamjbb mentions:
  @beachnriver: 1 times
  @LimeScribe: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @stefanbsp: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
museii mentions:
  @socialconnect: 1 times
  @YourSay: 1 times
  @GlobalGiving: 1 times
  @GlbalGivingUK: 1 times
  @Top10Causes: 1 times
  @DAVIDGOLIATH: 1 times
jbfanforever94 mentions:
  @jonasbroslover: 1 times
  @michele1993: 1 times
drbexl mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @grahamjones: 1 times
bluetuga mentions:
  @ccferreira: 1 times
olefredrik mentions:
  @berekvam: 1 times
  @bjarteb: 1 times
  @sherget: 1 times
  @viidar: 1 times
  @martingjesdal: 1 times
voiceovergirl mentions:
  @pixhome: 1 times
nickwilmot mentions:
  @EdHart: 1 times
  @CordUK: 1 times
eundm mentions:
  @WinaGild: 1 times
  @StellasRoad: 1 times
  @olschok: 1 times
  @newyorker01: 1 times
  @asinus48: 1 times
  @anRara: 1 times
  @dribbdebach77: 1 times
  @DerGoalie: 1 times
  @TAFKAM22o1: 1 times
deaelmi mentions:
  @maynaseric: 1 times
frpeter mentions:
  @averyps: 1 times
  @keelesu: 1 times
  @dustybookmarks: 1 times
  @hannahhiles: 1 times
  @pandapoo: 1 times
  @wilkesy5: 1 times
taylame3 mentions:
zilch mentions:
  @jontravels: 1 times
  @redsheep: 1 times
janebyford mentions:
  @fizzyduck: 1 times
psam mentions:
  @radha: 1 times
raquelation mentions:
  @JorgeSeguro: 1 times
anemosnaftilos mentions:
  @insideabox: 1 times
  @yiannisk: 1 times
  @Basilakis: 1 times
  @mafaldaq: 1 times
  @christideli: 1 times
  @ZlatkoGR: 1 times
  @Argost: 1 times
  @poeticjustice: 1 times
  @asteris: 1 times
sternenmaedchen mentions:
  @hoshisato: 1 times
  @mathematikos: 1 times
  @steffel13: 1 times
  @weltherrscher: 1 times
youandigraphics mentions:
  @brexians: 1 times
  @spyrosvj: 1 times
anna_clifton mentions:
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
  @AshantiGirl: 1 times
  @EthicsTrading: 1 times
  @Noadi: 1 times
  @rachelbeer: 1 times
  @myzerowaste: 1 times
  @cliftllr: 1 times
  @indigorocks: 1 times
  @Poshswaps: 1 times
  @LittleRavenShop: 1 times
19sixty3 mentions:
  @aliciawag: 1 times
nichtsokleijn mentions:
  @kwerfeldein: 1 times
  @sjzeller: 1 times
  @Nachtmeister: 1 times
  @DianaKhalil: 1 times
real_ian_morris mentions:
  @AdventureFarm: 1 times
  @leeboardman: 1 times
csmgraphics mentions:
mountaingrafix mentions:
  @KScreen69: 1 times
danslee mentions:
  @WalsallCouncil: 1 times
  @LeamorePrimary: 1 times
  @MrBrownsword: 1 times
  @MichelleHill: 1 times
dleaner mentions:
  @dleaner: 6 times
graciealbernaz mentions:
  @pattiw23: 1 times
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
captainjack63 mentions:
  @pedantickarl: 1 times
cultlabs mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @HUGONATOR: 1 times
  @jewels37: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @JoinTheBar: 1 times
  @forexnewbie: 2 times
  @cultlabs: 1 times
  @luvyaa: 1 times
jaimiefanatic mentions:
  @LissBombs: 1 times
  @jaimiefanatic: 1 times
midgetmum mentions:
  @FunkyAngelClair: 1 times
corneil mentions:
  @F1sasha: 1 times
  @hestiaberna: 1 times
  @igitur: 1 times
  @elanatjie: 1 times
  @realdarthvader: 1 times
  @allysonfelix: 1 times
endchildslavery mentions:
  @museii: 1 times
just_leithal mentions:
  @DamienLeith: 1 times
  @rickofawesome: 1 times
  @MHutchings: 1 times
  @troyjohns: 1 times
  @inJenious: 1 times
  @CameronCollie: 1 times
  @MarissaTree: 1 times
  @TaraMoss: 1 times
  @SuziMuller: 1 times
kiramadeira mentions:
  @AngelicApproach: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @KaizoPR: 1 times
  @MarketingDonut: 1 times
whiteshutters mentions:
  @guide2pc: 1 times
jgillardi mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
yero69 mentions:
  @ecoactions: 1 times
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
filsa mentions:
  @tal: 1 times
  @fitnessoli: 1 times
  @tine: 1 times
  @marf05: 1 times
  @filsa: 1 times
  @bbbaschtl: 1 times
coltpixy mentions:
  @AmbientLights: 1 times
  @smallbizchat: 1 times
  @smallbizlady: 1 times
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @SandisTs: 1 times
  @Billpurifiedart: 1 times
  @ColtPixy: 1 times
defred mentions:
  @WikioFR: 2 times
rebekahharriman mentions:
iamwun mentions:
  @007peter: 1 times
  @ArielBravy: 1 times
  @zeitguy: 1 times
  @lostbull: 1 times
  @Graticle: 1 times
  @sethpublisher: 1 times
  @MelodyInFlorida: 1 times
  @Kwansahn: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
  @GeneManuel: 1 times
  @SwamiScotty: 1 times
hnatarajan mentions:
  @XceptN: 1 times
  @skashliwal: 1 times
sandsss mentions:
  @SDComicCon: 1 times
bigboobkimber mentions:
james_laker mentions:
  @myma1313: 1 times
misskemi mentions:
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @MissKemi: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @twochix1: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @tinaeclark: 1 times
jennamadison mentions:
  @BlokesLib: 1 times
  @JennaMadison: 1 times
akroncdnr mentions:
  @gabehabe: 1 times
  @akroncdnr: 1 times
  @yardsalesgalore: 1 times
  @louisaaaa: 1 times
  @calebjonasson: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
  @Britt7094: 1 times
kloseline mentions:
mattrhodes mentions:
  @25BankStreet: 1 times
  @DanSandercock: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @claredean: 1 times
  @simonburton: 1 times
  @mattrhodes: 1 times
feblub mentions:
  @tophatdog: 1 times
shadymint mentions:
  @swagbagsdotbiz: 1 times
  @michellelipton: 1 times
  @mattbova: 1 times
  @nausea18: 1 times
  @Bang2write: 1 times
  @jodiekearns: 1 times
  @CymraesCoch: 1 times
  @mickeymalory: 1 times
kreepylady mentions:
  @KittyZombie: 1 times
  @Kesslerboy: 1 times
  @KravenObscuria: 1 times
  @kidsis: 1 times
  @Kokokreepies: 1 times
  @Kreepylady: 1 times
ivormurray mentions:
  @Stuarte: 1 times
karinka_w mentions:
  @Vergraemer: 1 times
  @Kratochvil: 1 times
hyggenook mentions:
  @DomesticSluts: 1 times
  @HyggeNook: 1 times
  @Homeshoppingspy: 1 times
  @thisyounghouse: 1 times
  @decor8: 1 times
lilalba45 mentions:
  @JuicyJewelz4u: 1 times
  @butterflydesign: 1 times
  @TheContactList: 1 times
  @collectiblestv: 1 times
  @lilalba45: 1 times
  @elizabethpatch: 1 times
  @MLBoutique: 1 times
  @laurabrown1987: 1 times
saudiaspire mentions:
  @waiel: 1 times
  @GlobalCitizen: 1 times
  @mkhDev: 1 times
  @NYpoleon: 1 times
  @sculeman: 1 times
  @Jeddah: 1 times
  @shbaabnews: 1 times
  @KAUSTNews: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @60Minutes: 1 times
  @mahalliyya: 1 times
4_walls mentions:
  @ForLandlords: 1 times
  @4Walls: 1 times
iloxy mentions:
  @FollowTheCow: 1 times
  @buffyc: 1 times
laurahyde mentions:
  @chainreaction: 1 times
  @giveandgainday: 1 times
sanye mentions:
  @brouwertje: 1 times
  @pattycular: 1 times
  @jschun: 1 times
  @ielss: 1 times
  @JornJansen: 1 times
  @esthetiek: 1 times
puzzlert mentions:
  @LDNinteresting: 1 times
  @ErnieHedgehog: 1 times
  @ukbeer: 1 times
  @bletchleypark: 1 times
  @morrisdancers: 1 times
  @friskynmannish: 1 times
  @dnorbury: 1 times
  @Mooley: 1 times
  @EnviroGraffiti: 1 times
edwardclarke mentions:
  @nadacabani: 1 times
  @64forSuu: 1 times
gypsyjean mentions:
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
fuzztwin mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
20katy mentions:
  @SOK765: 1 times
ramartijr mentions:
  @StudioVanMeter: 1 times
  @ramartijr: 1 times
ley77 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tjabif mentions:
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @StAnnsHospice: 1 times
alastair_shaw mentions:
  @iLoxy: 1 times
  @yourtechsay: 1 times
  @thomasgudgeon: 1 times
  @beckykingston: 1 times
  @georgew0304: 1 times
stunt_girl mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
tiernews mentions:
  @LADdorf: 1 times
u_way mentions:
  @BadSmiley: 1 times
  @VictoryK: 1 times
  @JuliaIgnatjeva: 1 times
  @bessonica: 1 times
  @kyykla: 1 times
  @marinika: 1 times
  @crylove: 1 times
  @NadyaVasileva: 1 times
destinymascara mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lankydutch mentions:
  @mrpower: 1 times
  @MrsPenguin: 1 times
  @tygerland: 1 times
  @PamelaPink: 1 times
  @Shwirley: 1 times
joycloete mentions:
  @FlySAcoza: 1 times
  @mybuzz: 1 times
charlotteord mentions:
  @AliceArmstrong: 1 times
  @BBManik: 1 times
  @SarahJAnderson: 1 times
  @charlotteord: 1 times
  @jupitusphillip: 1 times
bposh mentions:
  @japmapRT: 1 times
  @IBCatherineLMAO: 1 times
pantheriffic mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @TattooedMummy: 1 times
kopfkaefer mentions:
  @lazycats: 1 times
  @HappySchnitzel: 1 times
  @Mellcolm: 1 times
  @bumgirl: 1 times
  @trottelbot: 1 times
  @MrsWilliams: 1 times
  @stilpirat: 1 times
  @nadiz: 1 times
  @zwangsneurose: 1 times
  @gissmog: 1 times
  @slith76: 1 times
ruinedmachines mentions:
  @JustinMatley: 1 times
  @MarkCarras: 1 times
  @keithalink: 1 times
  @bentforms: 1 times
  @bandticker: 1 times
  @rainrecording: 1 times
  @rainmusicgroup: 1 times
  @jesseintl: 1 times
martijnsnels mentions:
  @erwblo: 1 times
hundertmark mentions:
  @kumullus: 1 times
  @UARRR: 1 times
  @Deef: 1 times
  @ptnplanet: 1 times
  @snowhitemusic: 1 times
  @uyfh: 1 times
brucebrownnc mentions:
  @WookiesgirlFollow: 1 times
  @BruceBrownNC: 1 times
myapplestuff mentions:
  @jaffamaddin: 1 times
  @nationwideclass: 1 times
  @mizaru: 1 times
  @keithbohanna: 1 times
  @jeremynorth: 1 times
  @cptpoland: 1 times
  @Sheffman2: 1 times
  @samozzy: 1 times
  @snedwan: 1 times
aberystwytharts mentions:
  @AberUni: 1 times
notestateagents mentions:
  @namethatteam: 1 times
  @markshaw: 1 times
pulseproject mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
happytown09 mentions:
  @2serenity: 1 times
grimachu mentions:
matalatine mentions:
  @maddow: 1 times
  @ChetCannon: 1 times
  @originaltyler: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @Jonasbrothers: 1 times
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @nerdist: 1 times
  @TheDannyNoriega: 1 times
k_griffiths mentions:
  @bestofoswestry: 1 times
  @plainnash: 1 times
  @smorgo: 1 times
  @shropshirepixie: 1 times
  @spr33: 1 times
  @LairdAttwood: 1 times
  @ScottSharman: 1 times
  @fraggle35: 1 times
  @hannahlivsey: 1 times
  @JustinA: 1 times
textundblog mentions:
  @LorettaLametta: 1 times
  @moeffju: 1 times
esgravatar mentions:
  @lilione: 1 times
franz_josef mentions:
  @HappySchnitzel: 1 times
  @PhettbergMcGoo: 1 times
juliebobs mentions:
  @YourMrBumbles: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
alexiamac mentions:
aussiecynic mentions:
  @Irishvampire: 1 times
patrudolph mentions:
  @kirstyhawkshaw: 1 times
  @cbee: 1 times
  @fstop23: 1 times
  @epapir: 1 times
dernetteseo mentions:
  @Missfeldt: 1 times
  @Seodeluxe: 1 times
  @HannsKronenberg: 1 times
  @indianernews: 1 times
  @boesersseo: 1 times
  @startupseo: 1 times
  @littleSEO: 1 times
  @eisy: 1 times
  @seoadsense: 1 times
  @seopunk: 1 times
  @tippewhq: 1 times
woollyhedge mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
t1mo mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
joelfernandes mentions:
  @MTVindia: 1 times
orangecatblues mentions:
  @scath: 1 times
conflagratio mentions:
  @tomtveitan: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
  @CelticCamera: 1 times
  @rtd13: 1 times
shenaphillipa mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
gpcoops mentions:
  @suziperry: 1 times
f1_girl mentions:
  @TinyBrawnGP: 1 times
lauratoogood mentions:
  @dellgirl: 1 times
hearingdogs mentions:
  @mikegayle: 1 times
  @Judyastley: 1 times
  @indiaknight: 1 times
  @saturdaygirl: 1 times
  @megsanders: 1 times
  @KatieFforde: 1 times
rosehwang mentions:
  @concertreviewer: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
hibbsy mentions:
pixeldeath mentions:
sepularmy mentions:
  @metalasfuck: 1 times
  @metalmagazin: 1 times
  @shockwavesMedia: 1 times
  @metalgasm: 1 times
  @btmband: 1 times
  @sepularmy: 1 times
  @aboutheavymetal: 1 times
  @sepulturacombr: 1 times
catep36 mentions:
  @goonerjamie: 1 times
pillmanuk mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @pillmanuk@Pigginelle@ThomasGudgeon@emmahatfield@mark217: 1 times
elbuho1 mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
mwsmedia2009 mentions:
  @MikeSamuels68: 1 times
rpisharody mentions:
  @ksekher: 1 times
  @jocalling: 1 times
  @arocks: 1 times
  @shithappens: 1 times
  @startonomics: 1 times
  @ArbyK: 1 times
  @akashkaysajith: 1 times
  @crazytwism: 1 times
dogstrust mentions:
  @BFZonline: 1 times
  @NancyEDunne: 1 times
  @kevupnorth: 1 times
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
  @WhizzKidz: 1 times
melabarrie mentions:
  @Pwllcornel: 1 times
pimlico_flats mentions:
  @carcaredirect: 1 times
  @crystalweb: 1 times
alphoenix mentions:
  @bravepatrie: 1 times
wwisewolf mentions:
  @naturcounselor: 1 times
  @WWisewolf: 1 times
martyhayes mentions:
  @JohnhampsonUK: 1 times
  @SapphyNo1: 1 times
  @kirstenalex: 1 times
  @DomBurf: 1 times
  @fyreflye: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
  @JustTooBusy: 1 times
  @Raycast: 1 times
  @PaulHarriott: 1 times
liencam mentions:
  @realmichaeljackson: 1 times
ipat23 mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @robwilliams56: 1 times
  @iPat23: 1 times
thea_smith mentions:
  @M3lizza: 1 times
surfrdan mentions:
  @danatherton: 1 times
  @geeatherton: 1 times
  @rachelatherton: 1 times
mattdavey2 mentions:
  @depptla: 1 times
  @anastasiam: 1 times
  @jp1983: 1 times
  @Taddy69: 1 times
  @TasminArcher: 1 times
  @ChristinaLala: 1 times
  @Hedgewytch: 1 times
  @dollsandmagic: 1 times
  @edelr: 1 times
  @michmahoney: 1 times
  @DeeAndrews: 1 times
missfitcreation mentions:
  @tamworthtwit: 1 times
  @warrenfree: 1 times
  @TinyFizzyPop: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
pprwa mentions:
  @freocookster: 1 times
  @C2030Summit: 1 times
marina_26 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
earth22222222 mentions:
  @jasonbradbury: 1 times
  @joshwhedon: 1 times
embryc mentions:
  @IrishSiobhan: 1 times
  @KingstonTracker: 1 times
  @BrennanEngle: 1 times
  @MrBite: 1 times
  @RebelVamp: 1 times
  @SlipperyKlutz: 1 times
  @EthanHayes: 1 times
  @GiftedTracker: 1 times
tristangermany mentions:
  @gedankenfussel: 1 times
bluefo mentions:
  @FrankBecker: 1 times
  @TorstenLuttmann: 1 times
  @150kgleichter: 1 times
  @nila73: 1 times
  @BlackBetty22: 1 times
  @merliondream: 1 times
  @Majeres: 1 times
  @Schaps: 1 times
  @derEcki: 1 times
  @gillyberlin: 1 times
ksx4system mentions:
  @prmros: 1 times
  @spam: 1 times
mistymoodle mentions:
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
peteroriondavis mentions:
  @wrighteous1: 1 times
  @looseleaves1205: 1 times
  @therescues: 1 times
  @sarabareilles: 1 times
  @thehotelcafe: 1 times
siddif mentions:
  @siddif: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
workoutdaily mentions:
  @AliceArmstrong: 1 times
  @BBManik: 1 times
  @SarahJAnderson: 1 times
  @c: 1 times
udya mentions:
  @KissMyBass: 1 times
  @hkgardenersclub: 1 times
  @theboyiusedtobe: 1 times
  @DJDRex: 1 times
  @blnks: 1 times
  @NelsonMD: 1 times
  @fakedarren: 1 times
  @mwnm: 1 times
  @callupon: 1 times
paulharriott mentions:
  @justinpaulcole: 1 times
  @missyvie: 1 times
  @EmsyD: 1 times
  @sparkie555: 1 times
  @Lizloz: 1 times
  @markboardman: 1 times
  @widereceiver: 1 times
  @Kbrodes: 1 times
  @kellywilliams4: 1 times
mitchtwiz mentions:
miriamahern mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
alrighttit mentions:
rhys_isterix mentions:
  @urbanfly: 1 times
tenakalaz mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
way2workathome mentions:
  @EFTSejual: 1 times
  @EmotionalEngine: 1 times
  @EnergizeSpirit: 1 times
  @PamelaBruner: 1 times
  @EFTSejul: 1 times
  @EdLovesSumo: 1 times
  @swalkingtree: 1 times
  @genedavid: 1 times
craig_bucknall mentions:
  @vocd: 2 times
  @craigbucknall: 1 times
mrcmarc mentions:
  @alexbw: 1 times
live_for_films mentions:
  @bensholto: 1 times
  @NeilCreates: 1 times
  @jtassy: 1 times
  @petervizel: 1 times
  @laurenstanley: 1 times
  @FeliciaBurns: 1 times
  @richpayne88: 1 times
  @toysrevil: 1 times
  @pigface: 1 times
r4yfx mentions:
joeduenwald mentions:
  @RacingFreak: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
  @RonyDean: 1 times
  @DjMidori: 1 times
  @realdarthvader: 1 times
wyndwitch mentions:
  @HuntersMoonTaro: 1 times
  @wyndwitch: 1 times
  @TABITarot: 1 times
  @gwiazda: 1 times
  @Lorigreentarot: 1 times
  @Cosmicmother: 1 times
  @Gaiansoul: 1 times
  @Micheleknight: 1 times
ulibeudgen mentions:
  @LaLoupina: 1 times
  @norberthayduk: 1 times
  @Lukas119: 1 times
  @eNestle: 1 times
  @rhelms1: 1 times
  @weselpower: 1 times
datalore_tv mentions:
  @rosehwang: 1 times
  @Sh: 1 times
minutebox mentions:
  @CanDoCanBe: 1 times
  @sharongaskin: 1 times
m_jeffries mentions:
  @BreannaCouture: 1 times
  @AlexHooser: 1 times
  @JessSeeMaKa: 1 times
  @taycole04: 1 times
  @kelbelll: 1 times
  @alisonhaislip: 1 times
theclubkid mentions:
  @theclubkid: 1 times
frankparker mentions:
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
lenimandell mentions:
  @PetHealthInfo: 1 times
fescar mentions:
  @styletime: 1 times
  @DesignNotes: 1 times
  @creattica: 1 times
  @MyCaricaturecom: 1 times
  @zulsdesign: 1 times
tmac_9127 mentions:
  @wyclef: 1 times
mgonyeo mentions:
  @m38967: 1 times
  @keetsa: 1 times
  @ecorazzi: 1 times
  @mgonyeo: 1 times
  @jollygreengirl: 1 times
  @granolajoe: 1 times
  @nomeatathlete: 1 times
  @windycityhill: 1 times
emmythecat mentions:
  @PeanieWeenie: 1 times
debradagostino mentions:
  @TheEIU: 1 times
noufel mentions:
  @LeMarianne: 1 times
frazzleyeah mentions:
  @SadieMarie: 1 times
  @dani6661: 1 times
  @Heaatherrr: 1 times
  @Cloeee: 1 times
tomwitek mentions:
  @emnorm: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @anthonywright: 1 times
  @Ade1965: 1 times
  @mayowa: 1 times
  @TomWitek: 1 times
  @QualityFactory: 1 times
patricktuma mentions:
  @uhrzeit: 1 times
  @parasight: 1 times
  @modernromantics: 1 times
reneebarronmn mentions:
  @plumbusby: 2 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @makabra: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @DeanPerrone: 1 times
  @Dude3064: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
poeticmindset mentions:
  @AllieTweetTweet: 1 times
zaubervogel mentions:
  @VeraCologne: 1 times
phonemana mentions:
  @newsscience: 1 times
  @upsidetrader: 1 times
  @hotjobsfinder: 1 times
  @jenscloset: 1 times
  @funnyphotos: 1 times
  @openthink2: 1 times
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @autonetmobile: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
jaay89 mentions:
  @coolascheese: 1 times
  @mrjcampbell: 1 times
  @brumplum: 1 times
  @TheDarrenxshow: 1 times
  @jaskooners: 1 times
  @dovde: 1 times
ausi1 mentions:
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @jonmay: 1 times
  @nomisruption: 1 times
  @ausi1: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @ASEVIDEO: 1 times
  @bloggeridea: 1 times
law_chick1 mentions:
mffp mentions:
  @GlossalFragster: 1 times
angeldominguez mentions:
  @fraska: 1 times
brendamantz mentions:
  @lilyofoz: 1 times
  @brendamantz: 1 times
  @thelastressort: 1 times
  @jes2go: 1 times
losarihotels mentions:
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
oxyg3n mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
garygoy mentions:
  @asheraw: 1 times
  @GaryGoy: 1 times
  @johnyeng: 1 times
  @benpei: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @blindguy55: 1 times
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
  @geoffreygordon: 1 times
johimself mentions:
  @natelanxon: 1 times
croaks mentions:
  @sepiaverse: 1 times
  @mayankdhingra: 1 times
  @kalpik: 1 times
  @prolificd: 1 times
  @mekkanikal: 1 times
  @ankurb: 1 times
  @vimoh: 1 times
  @jasdeep: 1 times
  @limeice: 1 times
  @sloth13: 1 times
  @ravemz: 1 times
  @youthpad: 1 times
leadtoday mentions:
  @DixieDynamite: 1 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
stephen_curry mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
shiraabel mentions:
  @martinpolley: 1 times
  @HilzFuld: 1 times
  @visiondecorevl: 1 times
adrianhiggs mentions:
  @NigelMorgan: 1 times
  @peacockpete: 1 times
joshtastic1 mentions:
  @mrtrev: 1 times
yamerias mentions:
  @PercythePigeon: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
bullyinguk mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
  @yorkshirecancer: 1 times
lepanoptique mentions:
  @juliiiie: 1 times
  @sandreg: 1 times
  @bloginfo: 1 times
  @gregvi: 1 times
  @SoAnn: 1 times
  @nicolasvoisin: 1 times
  @adriensaumier: 1 times
  @ls01: 1 times
investmentu mentions:
oberholz mentions:
  @343max: 1 times
  @furukama: 1 times
  @Krest: 1 times
  @stigi: 1 times
  @oliverg: 1 times
  @heiko: 1 times
  @sebaso: 1 times
  @CemB: 1 times
  @mspro: 1 times
  @robtraut: 1 times
marcthom mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
bettinaoua mentions:
btexperiment mentions:
irmatjahjadi mentions:
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
lindale41 mentions:
  @jchronowski47: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
davidasantos mentions:
  @HenriquMonteiro: 1 times
nothingfaced mentions:
  @Lucy1972: 1 times
  @MikeWehner: 1 times
  @Montecristoff: 1 times
  @PjhN: 1 times
  @sampsonian: 1 times
  @trentreznor: 1 times
rjmfulton mentions:
georgepoles mentions:
  @twosoups: 1 times
  @SimoLittlefield: 1 times
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @lecanardnoir: 1 times
  @chickyog: 1 times
  @SaliWho: 1 times
  @JohnPazdan: 1 times
  @antonvowl: 1 times
  @smallbecca: 1 times
  @theuncle1: 1 times
georgesjacotey mentions:
  @kalamaraki: 1 times
paleempress mentions:
  @mencapcharity: 1 times
cinema_quadrat mentions:
miofar mentions:
  @Twistedlilkitty: 1 times
  @cshirky: 1 times
  @waterhaul: 1 times
  @BurnAllZombies: 1 times
  @planetlam: 1 times
  @natalietran: 1 times
  @Digitalbmx: 1 times
euphoricdreamer mentions:
  @HayleyG: 1 times
dinkdesign mentions:
  @MiriamAhern: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
gaellelovesmax mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
hanilulu mentions:
  @johimself: 1 times
  @hanilulu: 1 times
bits500 mentions:
  @colinko: 1 times
  @clayaaa: 1 times
  @pk2004: 1 times
  @mazi: 1 times
  @tobyhemming: 1 times
  @aalia: 1 times
  @rawedge: 1 times
  @televisionary: 1 times
jadetremarco mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
interatores mentions:
peterbrady mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
kevinkclee mentions:
  @INTRAKIT: 1 times
  @evelynwclaw: 1 times
juliancheal mentions:
  @elliottkember: 1 times
nnnuew mentions:
  @alphoenix: 1 times
  @bravepatrie: 1 times
dvynepr mentions:
  @masonwilliams: 1 times
  @workswithwater: 1 times
  @themayfairhotel: 1 times
  @KFIS: 1 times
  @lowryoutletmall: 1 times
  @leesafar: 1 times
marks_voice mentions:
  @mrtrev: 1 times
  @marksvoice: 1 times
toysrevil mentions:
  @attilaadorjany: 1 times
  @pfrancisco: 1 times
  @katbrunnegraff: 1 times
  @denverbrokerage: 1 times
  @breeanzz: 1 times
  @jryu: 1 times
shanerichmond mentions:
  @higgis: 1 times
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
karanarora mentions:
  @KritiA: 1 times
  @baxiabhishek: 1 times
  @simplysy: 1 times
  @divya084: 1 times
  @pearltoppo: 1 times
  @Rupam09: 1 times
  @aalaap: 1 times
  @prolificd: 1 times
  @ceetee: 1 times
jrtrescue mentions:
  @BrunoCornacchio: 1 times
  @ByronBayDir: 1 times
  @acceleratewomen: 1 times
  @CareForYourDog: 1 times
  @PooPatrol: 1 times
  @SiriusRepublic: 1 times
neenjames mentions:
  @GinaRubel: 1 times
  @hgmarketing: 1 times
missemita mentions:
secondchronicle mentions:
  @dbros: 1 times
  @frogsinapot: 1 times
thekruser mentions:
  @jerkmagnet: 1 times
  @Videos4BB: 1 times
  @nanpalmero: 1 times
  @Monicks: 1 times
  @bbgeekchic: 1 times
  @kasperapd: 1 times
  @phishgirl3: 1 times
  @FabianMH: 1 times
anine9 mentions:
  @jasonbradbury: 1 times
  @TheStrokeAssoc: 1 times
theengteacher mentions:
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
eriol78 mentions:
  @soiramk: 1 times
kahunageezer mentions:
  @JediJenn: 1 times
tanyanoel mentions:
  @RickBakus: 1 times
dojie mentions:
  @AlexDScott: 1 times
ironchefamerica mentions:
  @Chefbrian310: 1 times
  @Foodnetworkfans: 1 times
  @dalyn: 1 times
  @lillyybaby: 1 times
  @rowdyfan51: 1 times
marchestv mentions:
  @AbundantShop: 1 times
linlinswe mentions:
  @ChristianMezofi: 1 times
  @davidpaulsson: 1 times
  @rubbishcorp: 1 times
  @ruggighund: 1 times
tebailey mentions:
  @guardiantech: 1 times
  @breakingnews: 1 times
  @yosit: 1 times
  @leecoupland: 1 times
  @katycoupland: 1 times
  @pk2004: 1 times
  @fiddme: 1 times
  @matkiwi: 1 times
  @realannieduke: 1 times
  @vegascabbie: 1 times
  @kaj33: 1 times
aliycia mentions:
  @josepicardo: 1 times
alunkrees mentions:
  @markoborn: 1 times
  @RichardCharon: 1 times
  @RichardCI: 1 times
  @sunderlandsmile: 1 times
  @thackeraydental: 1 times
  @indysingh: 1 times
  @richfretwell: 1 times
  @DMee: 1 times
sannebuurma mentions:
  @SharkbaitNews: 1 times
northeasttweets mentions:
  @WoodlandChild: 1 times
  @MoreEco: 1 times
  @jjdaddy55: 1 times
  @Twiggeroo: 1 times
  @EcoTrendSpotter: 1 times
  @fransongs: 1 times
canny_lass mentions:
  @simon: 1 times
swannclover mentions:
  @MaralaScott: 1 times
  @tavissmiley: 1 times
  @nanere: 1 times
  @kathystover: 1 times
  @rxforbrownskin: 1 times
  @PrayerSupport: 1 times
  @carolsdaughter: 1 times
  @BennySings: 1 times
  @anndore: 1 times
  @DocLG: 1 times
geoffslaughter mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
melissazwanger mentions:
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @sherryfetzer: 1 times
  @ericbeard: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @BestFoodBaby: 1 times
  @MelissaZwanger: 1 times
foodiesarah mentions:
  @davemusson: 1 times
  @MatthewW: 1 times
  @SimoneYates: 1 times
  @loislane56: 1 times
cameraboy56 mentions:
  @ScotMcKay: 1 times
c_lane mentions:
  @RealRadioAngel: 1 times
  @MattIsCabin: 1 times
  @SBKLIVE: 1 times
  @YouLookGoodKid: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
  @GabStaton: 1 times
  @davidtownsley: 1 times
kaizidorfa mentions:
  @KAIZIDORFA: 10 times
mcmedia mentions:
  @DavidFeng: 1 times
fredhorn mentions:
  @tdidy: 1 times
  @megmacleod: 1 times
  @sisterelectric: 1 times
  @Tigerlillylolo: 1 times
  @jaderoberts91: 1 times
  @ConnieBlacklock: 1 times
  @j3nn1e: 1 times
  @KayBee: 1 times
  @alandavies1: 1 times
cactiartcafe mentions:
  @DAVIDLYNCH: 1 times
littleidiot mentions:
  @ghatzidakis: 1 times
  @mikroanalogo: 1 times
  @kyanoun: 1 times
  @amaliakaterina: 1 times
  @betbot: 1 times
  @wildbar: 1 times
  @pantelisk: 1 times
  @spyros: 1 times
thetomwatts mentions:
  @wearetokyo: 1 times
shadowfish mentions:
  @shadowfish: 1 times
markymarked mentions:
  @2Takter: 1 times
smittysue mentions:
  @bage: 1 times
hat_club_uk mentions:
  @phillpacker: 1 times
justjustindj mentions:
  @phillpacker: 1 times
klang67 mentions:
  @staffanm: 1 times
  @arklandswe: 1 times
  @jonaso: 1 times
  @intensifier: 1 times
  @jilltxt: 1 times
sextoysbible mentions:
  @QuadrilleLBF: 1 times
  @girlbytheaga: 1 times
  @retiringoleway: 1 times
  @katieallen83: 1 times
  @thegoodwebguide: 1 times
  @foodiestgeorge: 1 times
  @jilldupleix: 1 times
  @Odyssey: 1 times
okesanne mentions:
  @jamessilverlake: 1 times
whskr mentions:
  @HandmadeNews: 1 times
moksim mentions:
heidiboast mentions:
  @faulko1please: 1 times
  @myaudiobox: 1 times
rebeccawoodhead mentions:
  @artdawgs: 1 times
weeyin13 mentions:
  @jws12: 1 times
  @emc: 1 times
  @golfprogirls: 1 times
  @kmallan: 1 times
  @dewy78: 1 times
  @thenobber: 1 times
  @annemarieevans: 1 times
  @desilvat: 1 times
siglota_bolota mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
ariannamauree mentions:
  @ShalayneSwyny: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @tiinag: 1 times
  @Getconfident: 1 times
  @MrTop8: 1 times
  @ariannamauree: 1 times
  @JohnZajaros: 1 times
  @alisonchapman: 1 times
johnhampsonuk mentions:
  @sorcha69: 1 times
  @greeneyes1966: 1 times
  @tonyletts: 1 times
  @pinktribble: 1 times
  @gothdetective79: 1 times
  @britespark: 1 times
  @persuingkrishna: 1 times
talkabout mentions:
licksharder mentions:
  @SensualStories: 1 times
  @DirtyAngel: 1 times
andorand mentions:
  @higgis: 1 times
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
stateofjoe mentions:
  @MotivateDaily: 1 times
bluedevilmsn mentions:
  @PalinGirl: 1 times
  @crystalyn49: 1 times
  @Christina1973: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
  @RightGirl: 1 times
  @jenciTN: 1 times
  @EpiJunky: 1 times
  @hmhrn: 1 times
  @ChiNurse: 1 times
  @Geek2Nurse: 1 times
peakedmtfarm mentions:
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
jimhunt mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @HighStyleCit: 1 times
dottibailey mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
yashved_2890 mentions:
  @Dutchiedude: 1 times
  @vewe: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @rmilana: 1 times
illuminantceo mentions:
  @submonos: 1 times
taywhit mentions:
  @amandapearl: 1 times
  @MissSTARceyn: 1 times
  @iMikePayne: 1 times
  @lvanderbilt: 1 times
zimmerjohn mentions:
d_swan mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
mskman mentions:
  @Mskman: 1 times
  @marillin: 1 times
  @kistochka: 1 times
  @slavyanin: 1 times
cyrandorman mentions:
  @jargonking: 1 times
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
chris_huff mentions:
  @ClosetCreature: 1 times
  @blockheadradio: 1 times
  @fleurdeink: 1 times
  @walkinthewoods1: 1 times
maurodorfman mentions:
  @interatores: 1 times
lovepeacehappi mentions:
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @jimQuillen: 1 times
  @daleloflin: 1 times
  @teamarete: 1 times
  @tk1011: 1 times
  @AceRevenue: 1 times
emmaporter83 mentions:
  @philhunt: 1 times
  @helenwinder: 1 times
  @1poundchallenge: 1 times
genmom mentions:
  @SelfishMom: 1 times
  @JessicaGottlieb: 1 times
pro37phet mentions:
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Speaker99: 1 times
  @signatureladyj: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @pattinanni: 1 times
  @nikkiclifton: 1 times
  @LafemmeLaVie: 1 times
  @Pro37phet: 1 times
  @jima5: 1 times
eumom mentions:
  @giftsandvoucher: 1 times
pbadstibner mentions:
  @dottibailey: 1 times
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @BarryWerner: 1 times
  @Tomplay: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
seasedge mentions:
  @katycreates: 1 times
pjppr mentions:
  @thegreenfamilia: 1 times
  @Raycast: 1 times
  @daisychainbaby: 1 times
  @bambinogoodies: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @Soph4Soph: 1 times
  @MonBebePerfu: 1 times
sukhwantlota mentions:
thackeraydental mentions:
  @markoborn: 1 times
  @RichardCharon: 1 times
  @RichardCI: 1 times
  @sunderlandsmile: 1 times
  @thackeraydental: 1 times
  @indysingh: 1 times
  @richfretwell: 1 times
  @DMee: 1 times
dkahn400 mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
flamingokitty mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
  @starvingbroker: 1 times
  @yourbadhabit: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @Samtagious: 1 times
  @indiegirl175: 1 times
  @Misha1234: 1 times
  @brrbach: 1 times
willtompsett mentions:
  @michaelmackie21: 1 times
annsom mentions:
  @kinaton: 1 times
  @Hundeerziehung: 1 times
  @mlomb: 1 times
  @VolkerLehmann: 1 times
  @Jeanne: 1 times
  @shonjevon: 1 times
  @geobart: 1 times
  @Give2Give: 1 times
  @USNretired: 1 times
  @HundeErziehung: 1 times
filmlandschaft mentions:
  @midnightmovies: 1 times
  @DVDsnapshot: 1 times
  @LiveForFilms: 1 times
  @100films: 1 times
  @filmclassics: 1 times
  @brwc: 1 times
  @BFFS: 1 times
  @CinemaSuicide: 1 times
  @20thCFlicks: 1 times
  @BFI: 1 times
misstwinkle mentions:
  @boogieshoes: 1 times
  @Sketchybear: 1 times
  @ei8htyone: 1 times
bookmarklee mentions:
dhrzao mentions:
  @silkdesign: 1 times
  @simonvreeman: 1 times
  @19Annika89: 1 times
  @sandergoorden: 1 times
  @RickAlmighty: 1 times
  @sassazegt: 1 times
  @christinezegt: 1 times
  @nawid: 1 times
  @thomasdral: 1 times
  @jornjansen: 1 times
zolanta mentions:
  @helenwinder: 1 times
  @1poundchallenge: 1 times
peetee1980 mentions:
  @rabidrat: 1 times
mrtrev mentions:
  @Dojie: 1 times
irenerencsi mentions:
  @zeddessarts: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @Winsorandnewt: 1 times
twitterparents mentions:
  @mamalatina: 1 times
  @MommyBlog: 1 times
  @twittermoms: 1 times
  @babybanz: 1 times
  @MomSpark: 1 times
  @somosmamas: 1 times
  @vivianag4: 1 times
  @m: 1 times
dormousezzzz mentions:
  @Georgieboo: 1 times
mirrorfinish mentions:
  @coachjanet: 1 times
  @MarloBoux: 1 times
  @ellenswercewski: 1 times
  @yaakjocky: 1 times
  @writethevision: 1 times
  @happynutrition: 1 times
  @CarlaPaton: 1 times
sophiegaff mentions:
  @sophiegaff: 1 times
darylsws mentions:
frischebriese mentions:
  @officialMia: 1 times
bobgarrett mentions:
  @Yourdogfood: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @ihelpanimals: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @ymuttley1: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
chainreaction mentions:
  @laurahyde: 1 times
  @thebiglunch: 1 times
  @stevebridger: 1 times
ianlatham mentions:
  @WelshDragon72: 1 times
  @SueB: 1 times
  @twittyKris: 1 times
  @tartanink: 1 times
  @benjimouse: 1 times
  @kirstielu: 1 times
  @lesley007: 1 times
ragnarh mentions:
marleyterrier mentions:
  @RiGuy: 1 times
celticcamera mentions:
  @davepdotorg: 1 times
  @DrummerGrl: 1 times
  @PhotographyBB: 1 times
  @BrenDB: 1 times
  @pixelens: 1 times
  @christinagun: 1 times
  @hansenfotos: 1 times
spdd mentions:
  @Karageorgakis: 1 times
lingerieuk mentions:
glasgowpodcart mentions:
  @thebeatdelivery: 1 times
  @radiomagnetic: 1 times
  @tallah: 1 times
  @chrisflew: 1 times
  @beerjacket: 1 times
  @undertheradar: 1 times
  @gaseousbrain: 1 times
  @songbytoad: 1 times
  @dogboy55: 1 times
  @guanoman: 1 times
kennybawbag mentions:
  @BigZed: 1 times
julianedward mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @MaryCateOMalley: 1 times
  @paulcoughlin: 1 times
dushmis mentions:
  @NextwaveRay: 1 times
  @JJNextGenTV: 1 times
  @AlanEggleston: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @DaVinciDeb: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
dgutte mentions:
  @Ianjamespoulter: 1 times
marc_delerue mentions:
  @angepb: 1 times
  @AntoineDupin: 1 times
businesslinkgov mentions:
  @envirowise: 1 times
pipsical mentions:
  @emilysverticala: 1 times
  @myliverandlungs: 1 times
  @urbangypsy: 1 times
  @MissPippa: 1 times
  @KimmyQueen: 1 times
  @Squillinda: 1 times
  @jagangel: 1 times
  @pipsical: 1 times
staszzz mentions:
  @shumdozdya: 1 times
  @Dmitryvi: 1 times
  @igrek: 1 times
  @zemlanin: 1 times
  @jasik1001: 1 times
  @dimm: 1 times
robertz mentions:
  @nambucom: 1 times
dawnsandomeno mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
  @mylifeasafoodie: 1 times
  @thestew: 1 times
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
markjenkins mentions:
  @paulahall: 1 times
  @wallkandynet: 1 times
flavid mentions:
  @combo1: 1 times
  @shauncusters: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @actionjacks0n: 1 times
  @snappingturtle: 1 times
  @snowgoosesa: 1 times
  @stringhandler: 1 times
  @patrickmjarvis: 1 times
colognex mentions:
  @gTwecker: 1 times
  @Niconette: 1 times
  @frauone: 1 times
  @refugee: 1 times
  @zauberfrau: 1 times
  @Rouven: 1 times
  @Feuervogel: 1 times
  @Lachtrainer: 1 times
  @DieFisch: 1 times
stinky_ponky mentions:
honorman mentions:
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @wheshka: 1 times
  @jonkevny: 1 times
  @honorman: 1 times
  @moniquedosreis: 1 times
  @Angel4tweet: 1 times
  @RyFit: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
fruetel mentions:
  @BingRank: 1 times
  @textundblog: 1 times
  @talkabout: 1 times
  @Moe: 1 times
  @ScreenOrigami: 1 times
thelocaluk mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
angpang mentions:
  @caromans: 1 times
chiswicklive mentions:
  @zammiekins: 1 times
  @bonniehelen: 1 times
  @chiswickgardens: 1 times
  @chiswickfood: 1 times
  @abisignorelli: 1 times
mccmarianne mentions:
  @Whipoorwill: 1 times
  @Donaldverger: 1 times
sgerdes mentions:
  @MrNetty: 1 times
  @hacool: 1 times
  @BJoyPreston: 1 times
  @hensel: 1 times
  @SherryALeigh: 1 times
  @Edysko: 1 times
  @valariesteinier: 1 times
  @allancurtis: 1 times
  @ivitv: 1 times
  @dna2diamonds: 1 times
wonder_nat mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
johnefstathiou mentions:
  @TakisK: 1 times
jefy mentions:
  @BFFoundation: 1 times
  @Jefy: 1 times
augustjordan mentions:
  @wowser: 1 times
  @teacherdude: 1 times
  @lloydaustins: 1 times
  @WishResonator: 1 times
  @urbanjunkiesart: 1 times
  @Fewmaster: 1 times
  @calindrome: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @jilliancs: 1 times
  @iantrevor: 1 times
v360r mentions:
  @BusinessLinkGov: 1 times
  @envirowise: 1 times
pixelwildchild mentions:
  @mamlamarquise: 1 times
  @schugirl: 1 times
  @HamptonDesigns: 1 times
  @kMTgraphicdsgn: 1 times
  @noblegnome: 1 times
  @virginia: 1 times
  @robokaty: 1 times
  @LaughingVixen: 1 times
  @beepart: 1 times
richfretwell mentions:
  @RichardCharon: 1 times
  @alunrees: 1 times
dsmpublishing mentions:
  @brascoebooks: 1 times
  @terrierouth: 1 times
  @orbrianw: 1 times
  @bungeespin: 1 times
  @warriortactics: 1 times
  @elizobihfrank: 1 times
  @twitterfuel: 1 times
  @guertie: 1 times
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
sreaumefarrand mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
artemzeleny mentions:
  @soloby: 1 times
  @sdaniel: 1 times
  @skovalyov@hupovoy: 1 times
  @yarynka@montyan: 1 times
  @VKrupskaya: 1 times
  @newproff@vakhovskyi@andreylis@arturclancy: 1 times
mangowe mentions:
  @Scribit: 1 times
frankieroberto mentions:
  @technicalfault: 1 times
  @ManCityCouncil: 1 times
stunti mentions:
  @digitarald: 1 times
  @weelya: 1 times
  @jchavarria: 1 times
  @paraboul: 1 times
  @efyx: 1 times
moorbeisser mentions:
  @FreshDigits: 1 times
  @Moorbeisser: 1 times
  @marcthom: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @buzzfs: 1 times
doughed mentions:
  @teacherken: 1 times
chris_shore mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
simonharrow mentions:
  @hollyseddon: 1 times
  @mattrhodes: 1 times
  @Henre: 1 times
  @MarketingB2B: 1 times
deedyi mentions:
  @FSDS: 1 times
  @kaysexton: 1 times
  @infobunny: 1 times
  @bierbelly: 1 times
  @doublemadforit: 1 times
  @bellaclara: 1 times
  @robinmatthewfry: 1 times
  @causticbob: 1 times
thecharmquark mentions:
  @Noot54: 1 times
bunnyjeancook mentions:
  @soxthekitty: 1 times
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
  @HotMBC: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @ersle: 1 times
  @AngelsforAnimals: 1 times
  @TrollCats: 1 times
  @cookieoreopie: 1 times
  @SRSArticles: 1 times
robkerr mentions:
  @willcarling: 1 times
  @nzru: 1 times
  @BritishLions: 1 times
  @robkerr: 1 times
  @stanandollie: 1 times
  @nickyk: 1 times
  @MissDreg: 1 times
123greetingscom mentions:
legionbirdman mentions:
  @STYLEMOM: 1 times
  @bep: 1 times
  @theview: 1 times
hey_gorgeous mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 2 times
couponbootcamp mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
empiremagazine mentions:
sorotos mentions:
lynnali2 mentions:
  @lookski: 1 times
  @ladyliz: 1 times
  @taddy123: 1 times
taratomes mentions:
moodzulu mentions:
lansdownespy mentions:
  @eddiesmith16: 1 times
  @stuartmaclennan: 1 times
samnasrawi mentions:
  @ErikJHeels: 1 times
  @MassHighTech: 1 times
  @markdavidson: 1 times
  @LGM1: 1 times
  @LawProf: 1 times
  @kevinokeefe: 1 times
  @kevinhouchin: 1 times
  @kcarruthers: 1 times
  @justiacom: 1 times
  @justia: 1 times
  @jradoff: 1 times
mariakitano mentions:
  @JulianEdward: 1 times
  @kinddog: 1 times
  @ZenDoc: 1 times
  @TeresatheGG: 1 times
  @BebeZed: 1 times
jamesndaisy mentions:
  @mkayes: 1 times
  @Jennifalconer: 1 times
  @Midgley: 1 times
  @leonkay: 1 times
stundenzeiger mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
katyeva mentions:
  @therealdevil: 1 times
  @samarhere: 1 times
  @KyeLani: 1 times
  @madlawstudent: 1 times
chrizbbg mentions:
  @lovedior1: 1 times
  @chrizbbg: 1 times
ekletika mentions:
  @marciaLis: 1 times
nicktaylor3 mentions:
  @ashleybrown: 1 times
  @Beckyselmer: 1 times
  @ErikaJL: 1 times
  @gselme: 1 times
  @troyrhoades: 1 times
  @universityboy: 1 times
mychemtoilet mentions:
  @JamieRoss7: 1 times
brightonfeed mentions:
  @drdavidbull: 1 times
divealicious mentions:
  @nameofthegame: 1 times
lindsaymanfredi mentions:
  @colinaclark: 1 times
victoriaaa_ mentions:
  @CathB: 1 times
  @victoriaaa: 1 times
philrichards mentions:
  @WorldVisionUK: 1 times
  @largerfamily: 1 times
  @philrichards: 1 times
  @Lagoyu: 1 times
noot54 mentions:
  @TheCharmQuark: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @siouxcool: 1 times
  @evahester: 1 times
  @tonydavidwood: 1 times
  @Woodpecker50: 1 times
  @Stormrideruk: 1 times
  @juliebobs: 1 times
mayowa mentions:
  @honorman: 1 times
  @Emnorm: 1 times
interwibble mentions:
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
lazytweet mentions:
  @ttseco: 1 times
kneehighbootfan mentions:
  @TheRealDJames: 1 times
  @TheRealLuis: 1 times
purelaura mentions:
  @MandPandy32: 1 times
  @sweetnote: 1 times
  @HeyMand: 1 times
  @AnnemarieEvans: 1 times
nenad mentions:
  @TheCharmQuark: 1 times
zombiecommand mentions:
  @EpicProblem: 1 times
  @lendmeyoureyes: 1 times
  @AylaF: 1 times
jonstow mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @1poundchallenge: 1 times
xmellyssax mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @CaTaxRevolt: 1 times
  @TCTaxTeaParty: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @BtSEO: 1 times
  @manatmouse: 1 times
  @aimeectillar: 1 times
quinrah mentions:
  @timetogetequal: 1 times
loveboxuk mentions:
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
josheridan mentions:
  @taratomes: 1 times
  @lylebignon: 1 times
deadhaunted mentions:
  @HauntedPlaces: 1 times
pstilwell mentions:
  @envirowise: 1 times
epiphanyevents mentions:
  @LasershowPro: 1 times
webox mentions:
  @bygirl: 1 times
kristenhorton mentions:
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
globalfusion mentions:
  @RaulRamos: 1 times
joeylibetta mentions:
  @NatalieAdcock: 1 times
  @blondepinky3: 1 times
  @CrisBrown: 1 times
  @Gifaffe: 1 times
  @thejoanne: 1 times
wanida mentions:
  @kashuparit: 1 times
artyjill mentions:
  @ladybug8320: 1 times
  @YourMrBumbles: 1 times
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
siliconireland mentions:
  @ssethi: 1 times
  @mollywood: 1 times
  @kidehen: 1 times
  @Orli: 1 times
  @AmandaLorenzani: 1 times
  @MichelleDewbs: 1 times
  @aliciaskimbit: 1 times
  @mactonbond: 1 times
  @bandrew: 1 times
fishgoat mentions:
  @JanJanPF: 1 times
flallday mentions:
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
  @SamChampion: 1 times
  @CanobieFan: 1 times
  @PhishyBrewer: 1 times
calvin1968 mentions:
  @pumpkinspider: 1 times
  @shelleyland: 1 times
  @audiblonde: 1 times
reemkanj mentions:
  @Blimeyworld: 1 times
  @Hardsy: 1 times
  @askyourgirl: 1 times
  @djshandy: 1 times
  @Djvectra: 1 times
  @ShyOneBeats: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @TrueTiger: 1 times
  @Balistiq: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @TeamSupreme: 1 times
theeppilepsyguy mentions:
  @Jotebro: 2 times
  @padrejorge: 1 times
  @atgiggleswick: 1 times
  @SrLisa: 1 times
  @ThePresbyCat: 1 times
  @frjamescoles: 1 times
  @innocentsmith: 1 times
  @Liturgy: 1 times
  @philosk: 1 times
beej777 mentions:
  @LpoolLawSociety: 1 times
  @claireshiels: 1 times
  @charonqc: 1 times
  @coxycj: 1 times
  @nipclaw: 1 times
  @farahadams: 1 times
  @lornahughes: 1 times
  @nooption: 1 times
  @neildenny: 1 times
  @mennard: 1 times
monedays mentions:
  @artpetty: 1 times
mofgimmers mentions:
  @MissCay: 1 times
  @nightsun73: 1 times
  @beamadelica: 1 times
  @kissoffboardy: 1 times
  @MatthewLaidlow: 1 times
  @orbyn: 1 times
  @foreveramber: 1 times
  @LucyTweeting: 1 times
madayar mentions:
  @cartoonmoney: 1 times
stellacotton mentions:
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @notoamnesty: 1 times
  @CuchulainnCharl: 1 times
  @AnanthOscar: 1 times
  @rocknrod: 1 times
  @RUQRU: 1 times
  @Swampy52: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @steve9x19: 1 times
deltab5 mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @deltab5: 1 times
nofunn mentions:
  @MaDukesYancey: 1 times
  @stonesthrow: 1 times
  @MAESTROKNOWS: 1 times
  @aroundthefur: 1 times
  @ohbabydoll: 1 times
  @meganfvaughan: 1 times
  @freyahobbs: 1 times
  @goukadesign: 1 times
joolzp1 mentions:
  @StoneZoneShow: 1 times
  @drakoboy: 1 times
chegrimandi mentions:
  @quinrah: 1 times
rogue_leader mentions:
  @nikkeedee: 1 times
  @sinkingducks: 1 times
bigdog5758 mentions:
  @amberborycki: 1 times
  @bengcotton: 1 times
  @brandojay: 1 times
  @sweetbabyliebs: 1 times
  @cjthomason: 1 times
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
missshonah mentions:
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
soulboykirk mentions:
  @teeco71: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
stevewhitaker mentions:
tyronevh mentions:
  @JasonVonBerg: 1 times
  @CathrynR: 1 times
  @jaynepod: 1 times
  @MarcelPerform: 1 times
  @justinmccall: 1 times
  @Aleigh77: 1 times
  @LeanneKoopman: 1 times
  @cometocapetown: 1 times
  @samanthaperry: 1 times
tessmck mentions:
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
imarkwilliamson mentions:
  @rideearthtom: 1 times
befabulous mentions:
  @emmaporter83: 1 times
  @helenwinder: 1 times
  @befabulous: 1 times
smileyald23 mentions:
  @Sydney584: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @bethiesea: 1 times
  @cjs3: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
daz081068 mentions:
  @sassyele: 1 times
bill_long1 mentions:
  @DaveSchwab: 1 times
  @JimSmithCSCS: 1 times
  @jhashey: 1 times
  @theRotater: 1 times
  @ChrisMelton: 1 times
  @UnderTheBar: 1 times
  @JasonPegg: 1 times
  @scottbird: 1 times
  @TimMosolino: 1 times
easymouse mentions:
  @LaFermeDuWeb: 1 times
  @vjousse: 1 times
  @j0k: 1 times
  @laurentLC: 1 times
  @fabpot: 1 times
  @hartym: 1 times
  @pborreli: 1 times
  @jwage: 1 times
beautifulw mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @msresearch: 1 times
shoppingladies mentions:
  @Hexenladen: 1 times
  @egoode: 1 times
  @TShoppingblog: 1 times
  @Karensbakery: 1 times
  @Thomiez: 1 times
rmindler mentions:
claireridgway mentions:
  @taratomes: 1 times
  @josheridan: 1 times
apreche mentions:
groo230 mentions:
  @jetstream5555: 1 times
infullbloomus mentions:
  @nevinesq: 1 times
balloonbaboon mentions:
  @befabulous: 1 times
  @SandBLondon: 1 times
darrenporter mentions:
  @surreysteve: 1 times
clvisugo mentions:
  @OhDaniB: 1 times
  @ValkyrieNYC: 1 times
  @Candis04: 1 times
  @hitwithafish: 1 times
  @StarPrincessHLC: 1 times
  @D: 1 times
woodywindy mentions:
  @EUSP: 1 times
  @LoriGowin: 1 times
  @LLiu: 1 times
  @arpanshah: 1 times
  @nickswan: 1 times
  @WonderLaura: 1 times
  @sharepointdev: 1 times
  @mattgroves: 1 times
  @AndrewWoody: 1 times
chulii mentions:
safc4ever mentions:
  @ThomasGudgeon: 1 times
  @dolts007: 1 times
crimeficreader mentions:
  @Duddy: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
jonathangunson mentions:
old_reprobate mentions:
  @hedgemint: 1 times
ianquigley mentions:
  @giftsandvoucher: 1 times
jeasysehgal mentions:
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @EdLovesSumo: 1 times
  @JLK57: 1 times
  @jlefkowitz: 1 times
  @MarthaGiffen: 1 times
  @JeasySehgal: 1 times
  @asIprosper: 1 times
  @Marvi: 1 times
bachrow mentions:
  @dangercfox: 1 times
  @tanyalees: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @whiish: 1 times
munkimatt mentions:
  @scotsboyuk: 1 times
  @munkimatt: 1 times
josephgruber mentions:
  @tampalaw: 1 times
alientribe mentions:
khuda1 mentions:
  @TheTicketCoach: 1 times
monkeyknopfler mentions:
  @seekzpeace: 1 times
  @tweebirds: 1 times
avenueofthearts mentions:
  @asktheboater: 1 times
  @davemalby: 1 times
  @jbazer: 1 times
  @susanbeebe: 1 times
  @MatthewRay: 1 times
  @nikiblack: 1 times
  @dani: 1 times
  @DanAgnew: 1 times
  @skeeterharris: 1 times
  @markfrisk: 1 times
txbelle10 mentions:
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @drscoundrels: 1 times
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @fredinchina: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
16stars mentions:
  @StormsCrafts: 1 times
  @Vestque: 1 times
  @nsparapani: 1 times
  @CreationsWHeart: 1 times
  @martice: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @16Stars: 1 times
  @ByYourSide2009: 1 times
  @Sistersoftmoon: 1 times
  @crafty: 1 times
bllix mentions:
  @bllix: 1 times
  @prophetnoise: 1 times
drewmaniac mentions:
mrwordsworth mentions:
  @BootsyCollins: 1 times
kuraihime mentions:
  @faulko1: 1 times
  @askaaronlee: 1 times
eggface mentions:
michopoulos mentions:
  @HotelClub: 1 times
eftsejual mentions:
  @FirleF: 1 times
  @DyslexicMystic: 1 times
  @Way2WorkatHome: 1 times
  @victorleelewis: 1 times
synoiz mentions:
  @Turtlemoon1984: 1 times
computerlulz mentions:
  @TechTipTweets: 1 times
c_wilso mentions:
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @aliving: 1 times
  @justthierry: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
  @Gerrigee: 1 times
lilianmahoukou mentions:
  @vio: 1 times
  @choochootheband: 1 times
  @communitygirl: 1 times
  @Musaraign: 1 times
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @SamiaGhozlane: 1 times
lepapa mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @lepapa: 1 times
butterflysong mentions:
  @drewmaniac: 1 times
dave_carpenter mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @amysbryant: 1 times
alvingator mentions:
  @JonathanGunson: 1 times
nialldevitt mentions:
  @careerscoacheu: 1 times
elagrew mentions:
  @k8dt: 1 times
  @mrbogari: 1 times
  @SJRod: 1 times
  @30dp: 1 times
  @myworldofk: 1 times
  @Idjd: 1 times
  @knarfny: 1 times
  @saranyan: 1 times
  @vinceparker: 1 times
  @dottibailey: 1 times
ddjaded mentions:
  @HUGONATOR: 1 times
  @LiveforFilms: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @LadyProducHer: 1 times
  @HarleyTech: 1 times
  @jaybranch: 1 times
  @MsInItForDaKill: 1 times
ambarpr mentions:
bc_r mentions:
  @phototube: 1 times
  @knipsbuex: 1 times
  @besimo: 1 times
  @infraredlight: 1 times
sunday mentions:
  @Dormousezzzz: 1 times
semoe mentions:
  @akomack: 1 times
  @operationnice: 1 times
  @bigcucumber: 1 times
  @GOOD: 1 times
  @zestrarush: 1 times
  @ohsnapattack: 1 times
  @johncleese: 1 times
  @stellargirl: 1 times
tifflacey mentions:
  @voodoodror: 1 times
  @mathishaasAlchemyFestival: 1 times
  @julienneBovary: 1 times
  @trancemade: 1 times
  @RichRonchetti: 1 times
  @leksirichstar: 1 times
  @Yuecake: 1 times
  @officialanr: 1 times
0lli mentions:
  @EleART: 1 times
  @0lli: 1 times
actionjacks0n mentions:
  @Flavid: 1 times
  @combo1: 1 times
  @shauncusters: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @actionjacks0n: 1 times
  @snappingturtle: 1 times
  @snowgoosesa: 1 times
  @stringhandler: 1 times
  @patrickmjarvis: 1 times
ingek73 mentions:
  @ljubomircj: 1 times
  @NiksieThePixie: 1 times
  @jowalshy: 1 times
  @Raatek: 1 times
  @SanMarco1992: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @wossy: 1 times
  @cymruchick: 1 times
  @Xaan: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
lexirodrigo mentions:
  @rtdesign: 1 times
  @FreelanceFolder: 1 times
  @FreelanceSw: 1 times
  @lexirodrigo: 1 times
sporrana mentions:
  @daz081068: 1 times
  @LeoBlog: 1 times
patbateman_ mentions:
  @hrhnikkiawesome: 1 times
  @PatBateman: 1 times
alichemist mentions:
  @TheHistoryWoman: 1 times
djak mentions:
  @djredcap: 1 times
avivra mentions:
  @lakersnation: 1 times
  @DerekFisher: 1 times
laramarco mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @YouniquelyChic: 1 times
  @wendyblum: 1 times
  @JewelryTutorial: 1 times
  @laramarco: 1 times
_iwade_ mentions:
  @superherojamie: 1 times
egfashion mentions:
  @jeneennicole: 1 times
jewel14 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
life_coach_kim mentions:
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @LifeCoachKim: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @luisermusica: 1 times
  @YummyMummies: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @TalkPets: 1 times
marcwhitchurch mentions:
  @megparker: 1 times
cwaterhouse mentions:
  @MaryRRoberts: 1 times
andreaurbanfox mentions:
  @JCthesaviour: 1 times
  @RenaissanceAsh: 1 times
chillipromotion mentions:
  @: 1 times
tezzitoo mentions:
  @awebdesigner: 1 times
  @Chrispinkapple: 1 times
  @cravenjade: 1 times
  @creatingorder: 1 times
  @Day2DayPA: 1 times
leafygreeninfo mentions:
enormous mentions:
  @rosemarymaccabe: 1 times
sarah_stuart mentions:
  @anelajade: 1 times
  @helpgogreen: 1 times
  @sbwalsh: 1 times
  @prsarahevans: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @PaulaBrett: 1 times
  @Susieblackmom: 1 times
  @JonathanGuson: 1 times
  @kibler: 1 times
susanhutchinson mentions:
  @TraceyHewins: 1 times
  @NickiiBaby: 1 times
  @butterflybeacon: 1 times
  @DiscoveryHouse: 1 times
  @butterflyvan: 1 times
  @jasonmitchener: 1 times
motivcoach mentions:
  @CathDuncan: 1 times
coachcharrise mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @CoachCharrise: 1 times
monicacesarato mentions:
  @robbing: 2 times
  @ItalyTravel: 1 times
robinpedrero mentions:
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @kristensteinart: 1 times
  @JodyColvard: 1 times
  @DrMac6463: 1 times
  @myso: 1 times
  @debramorrison: 1 times
  @WestGrayFilms: 1 times
  @shadowsinstone: 1 times
arepeejee mentions:
  @squatbetty: 1 times
  @robinbyles: 1 times
  @RubyJubilee: 1 times
  @sheffieldblog: 1 times
  @swellvintage: 1 times
  @TheBrewCo: 1 times
  @tuileries: 1 times
  @alextronic: 1 times
simoneblum mentions:
  @magneticwoman: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
  @shawnfabulous: 1 times
  @lynettepatter: 1 times
  @andreachin: 1 times
  @jacquibrown: 1 times
ungemeinfein mentions:
  @texturelovers: 1 times
  @timnorton: 1 times
  @Karrierebibel: 1 times
  @Graphicaholic: 1 times
  @inspiredm: 1 times
  @MobileZeitgeist: 1 times
  @1stwebdesigner: 1 times
  @Koufie: 1 times
  @thomasjhardy: 1 times
leoraw mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
jackunbox mentions:
  @MichaelManna: 1 times
ankitjindal mentions:
  @s4sukhdeep: 1 times
  @90di: 1 times
concisetraining mentions:
  @MikeSamuels68: 1 times
  @concisetraining: 1 times
plumbusby mentions:
  @judismile: 1 times
jewels37 mentions:
  @Dayewalker: 1 times
  @asgev: 1 times
  @Olli: 1 times
  @JoeySmith: 1 times
  @Br00klynBella: 1 times
thetweetbeat mentions:
  @nicksmithlive: 1 times
  @vidzone: 1 times
pjlloyduk mentions:
  @suesalarieli: 1 times
  @akmcquade: 1 times
  @rachelgguk: 1 times
  @wheatabeat: 1 times
  @daveaki: 1 times
  @globalgivinguk: 1 times
  @globalgiving: 1 times
  @whitebox: 1 times
  @diflatt: 1 times
terra_plana mentions:
  @LiveBearNaked: 1 times
  @isitart: 1 times
  @badassdadblog: 1 times
  @barefootamy: 1 times
  @gtbkris: 1 times
  @threestonesteps: 1 times
  @porridgelady: 1 times
  @GenKreton: 1 times
  @TheGinRiots: 1 times
marizaosorio mentions:
  @osmosisfutzing: 1 times
  @marizaosorio: 1 times
dixkatre mentions:
  @NatCordeaux: 1 times
  @levacomm: 1 times
  @dixkatre: 1 times
  @HerveKabla: 1 times
cjhatter mentions:
  @nando123: 1 times
  @comanchris: 1 times
  @QCWofNC: 1 times
  @maxime68: 1 times
  @JodyMoon: 1 times
hiphopgrandpa mentions:
  @JediMasterOPS: 1 times
  @RalphReagan: 1 times
  @infidelsarecool: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @RightGirl: 1 times
  @tjholthaus: 1 times
  @Ozarksky: 1 times
deb_powell mentions:
helenls mentions:
  @MissImpNotts: 1 times
sheselectric_ mentions:
  @funnykeithlyle: 1 times
  @lylesladies: 1 times
  @ibenji: 1 times
  @leshansom: 1 times
  @subzero77: 1 times
  @mickiep21: 1 times
  @chrisefs: 1 times
dribbleworld mentions:
  @drloosenwines: 1 times
  @dirtydishtowels: 1 times
  @HostessTori: 1 times
  @rickdsilver: 1 times
  @arnehulstein: 1 times
asos_julia mentions:
  @glastobiz: 1 times
sallydmc mentions:
  @djiqq: 1 times
  @djharrylove: 1 times
  @djmk: 1 times
  @tonydjswitch: 1 times
  @blakeydj: 1 times
  @jackbeats: 1 times
  @woodymadera: 1 times
  @shorteeblitz: 1 times
  @rattusrattus: 1 times
vttmusic mentions:
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
  @mscator: 1 times
  @ImproveLife: 1 times
  @Mysticle: 1 times
  @ReneeKY: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
squidgemag mentions:
  @TheArtStudent: 1 times
cbailey557 mentions:
  @FabMissK: 1 times
petbizhelper mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @petbizhelper: 1 times
terrimurphytm mentions:
  @Dancegurl91: 1 times
nordbergh mentions:
  @stelten: 1 times
dawnwehbey mentions:
  @DickSutphen: 1 times
bexdeep mentions:
  @zubinsaxena: 1 times
mr_billiam mentions:
  @CherylFehlberg: 1 times
silentsymbol mentions:
  @quarkbaellchen: 1 times
stianpride mentions:
  @qikipedia: 1 times
jayinthedxb mentions:
  @danhitmusic: 1 times
  @lloydiejl: 1 times
  @alanajoy: 1 times
mayaspirit_t mentions:
  @mairoth: 1 times
aslammemon mentions:
  @MRHYPERPCS: 1 times
  @mekkanikal: 1 times
  @fudgegraphics: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @ilovegraphics: 1 times
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
nerdusmaximus mentions:
  @productiveucast: 1 times
  @techtiptweets: 1 times
vixybelle mentions:
  @catmachine: 1 times
  @jeremylimb: 1 times
  @sapartridge: 1 times
  @michaellegge: 1 times
  @philko87: 1 times
  @uglybluecat: 1 times
  @martylog: 1 times
  @ememess: 1 times
  @julirose: 1 times
  @espeecat: 1 times
ukcatsfan96 mentions:
  @HarleyDude: 1 times
  @dshep04: 1 times
  @jmoney1026: 1 times
  @TimP103: 1 times
  @kerrikrueger: 1 times
  @MusicsBB: 1 times
colorexpert mentions:
  @kitchenscom: 1 times
dafna_m mentions:
  @sreplin: 1 times
  @dafnam: 1 times
jackiebarrie mentions:
  @ScotMcKay: 1 times
jzizzle07 mentions:
mobilelifetoday mentions:
  @YourChessCoach: 1 times
  @ColonelCrockett: 1 times
  @deepwaterscoach: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @rwm6f9: 1 times
  @patweber: 1 times
  @LesleyDewar: 1 times
jettersnugs mentions:
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @jonbuscall: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
  @JHNabors: 1 times
  @Mo: 1 times
joannematthews mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @JoanneMatthews: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @RockyBradley: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @bexsmith: 1 times
  @barbatsea: 1 times
  @rachyrach1: 1 times
bob_edwards mentions:
  @LisaMaret: 1 times
  @wbc453: 1 times
  @MalinMasterMind: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @PatriotGams123: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @ArnaudJacobs: 1 times
pimpmylifecoach mentions:
  @beiruta: 1 times
  @IrishSmiley: 1 times
  @CoachCharrise: 1 times
  @successsecret: 1 times
denisecaronquin mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
cafr mentions:
  @ChrisPage: 1 times
  @adamwitt: 1 times
  @mikechoi: 1 times
  @padt: 1 times
  @nihilance: 1 times
  @NeverWanderer: 1 times
  @albertxii: 1 times
  @kwannon: 1 times
  @NickT: 1 times
  @jamessime: 1 times
  @seanjackson: 1 times
rdyrnot mentions:
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @gma@TheCartoonMan: 1 times
rosieelaine mentions:
  @draytonmanor: 1 times
alextronic mentions:
  @arepeejee: 1 times
jobrich mentions:
  @vizualhr: 1 times
  @espiritoart: 1 times
  @JobRich: 1 times
  @VolumeGroup: 1 times
  @deniswbarnard: 1 times
charlottebella mentions:
  @kidbritishmusicTell: 1 times
eastermoon mentions:
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @Schofe: 1 times
  @StephenMulhern: 1 times
  @LibertyLndnGirl: 1 times
  @richardpbacon: 1 times
  @jamieoliver: 1 times
  @iamlittleboots: 1 times
  @KirstieMAllsopp: 1 times
tracyedukes mentions:
  @whatswithinu: 1 times
  @TracyeDukes: 1 times
helennicol mentions:
  @sheffieldblog: 1 times
  @rondon: 1 times
  @snowded: 1 times
  @DirDigEng: 1 times
quarkmonkey mentions:
  @japmap2009: 1 times
  @SarahMGellar: 1 times
  @alydenisof: 1 times
  @amberbenson: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
hallmancomposer mentions:
  @EarthToPhillyThanks: 1 times
  @WeaversWay: 1 times
  @icount4myearth: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @HallmanComposer: 1 times
sunswept mentions:
  @MoBands: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @ROCKREADROAM: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @sundijo: 1 times
  @SunSwept: 1 times
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
  @MilliGFunk: 1 times
kimskildumreid mentions:
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @sponsoredux: 1 times
  @OlympicGuy: 1 times
  @WendyStoneberge: 1 times
  @RonGoch: 1 times
  @macgenie: 1 times
imyourdj mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @rappublicist: 1 times
  @Monimom3: 1 times
  @BrooklynsFate: 1 times
  @SandraRose: 1 times
  @SeriusJones: 1 times
  @Shory22: 1 times
jayistherealest mentions:
chrishislop mentions:
  @ButterBridge: 1 times
  @hartshornhook: 1 times
  @fringereview: 1 times
  @jameshamilton: 1 times
hooptwho mentions:
  @michaelzavala: 1 times
ricardooda mentions:
  @msales: 1 times
  @biacravol: 1 times
  @mestreyoda: 1 times
  @huckluciano: 1 times
  @mauriciodesouza: 1 times
suzidk mentions:
  @heykim: 1 times
  @Suzidk: 1 times
  @jesseluna: 1 times
yak_face mentions:
  @Kozytoyrun: 1 times
  @kylenewman: 1 times
  @mimobot: 1 times
  @r2d2central: 1 times
  @rebelscumnews: 1 times
  @starwars: 1 times
  @swactionnews: 1 times
  @yodasnews: 1 times
mansonovic mentions:
  @davidschneider: 1 times
  @ethansuplee: 1 times
  @serafinowicz: 1 times
  @nathanfillion: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
crystalmowens mentions:
  @weshotthemoon: 1 times
bonniern mentions:
  @VickiVoisin: 1 times
  @GraftFinder: 1 times
  @22twts: 1 times
  @TrishaTorrey: 1 times
  @StefanieDevery: 1 times
  @singlepayer: 1 times
sonikut mentions:
  @XLouiseRX: 1 times
  @Javirc: 1 times
  @mose12345: 1 times
  @DanielBrace: 1 times
dad_o mentions:
  @passchal: 1 times
lifeneedsart mentions:
  @robinpedrero: 1 times
  @Pir8t: 1 times
  @HelenHarris: 1 times
  @leahart: 1 times
  @KSHOhio: 1 times
  @imakeart: 1 times
  @Artomatcarol: 1 times
  @redladyart: 1 times
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
  @TwitArtists: 1 times
treewatcher21 mentions:
  @Gabiilee: 1 times
  @SeeMiracles: 1 times
  @RealGC: 1 times
  @enviroknow: 1 times
stevecrowther mentions:
  @ponor: 1 times
  @nikkimorris: 1 times
nj_joe mentions:
  @dudeman718jail: 1 times
  @mrc817: 1 times
  @famousfollower: 1 times
  @lookingatnews: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
photoverse mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @jggube: 1 times
  @wired: 1 times
  @konigi: 1 times
  @jquery: 1 times
  @umutm: 1 times
  @styletime: 1 times
  @patternhead: 1 times
  @absolutelytrue: 1 times
  @abdznews: 1 times
  @KiISSmetrics: 1 times
davidcushman mentions:
  @krismtl: 1 times
  @cartnoldon: 1 times
  @poleydee: 1 times
  @davidcushman: 1 times
andrey_vlasov mentions:
askarnett mentions:
  @learningaffil: 1 times
  @SuperAffil: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @ronbarrett: 1 times
  @askarnett: 1 times
  @bmcellhiney: 1 times
  @LonnieMinton: 1 times
  @richidea: 1 times
susandelaney mentions:
  @cloudberry99: 1 times
scrumpleface mentions:
  @mattwaldram: 1 times
  @davidflint69: 1 times
  @amandamarwood: 1 times
  @adbarker: 1 times
  @krajczynski: 1 times
  @Jollymath: 1 times
anthonytaurus mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @robfields: 1 times
  @IAmSocrates: 1 times
  @sweetblyss: 1 times
  @selfesteemqueen: 1 times
  @clumpsofmascara: 1 times
  @bedstuyblog: 1 times
  @lawgurl: 1 times
leeringernews14 mentions:
  @nsj: 1 times
joecaruso mentions:
jeannebehr mentions:
  @jujube5160: 1 times
  @weschicklit: 1 times
  @CaribPop: 1 times
  @JeanneBehr: 1 times
  @Leabella: 1 times
dijeratic mentions:
  @andysmailes: 1 times
matchesmalone mentions:
  @eebosah: 2 times
  @LeahTanner: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @TommyStedman: 1 times
  @@ShinyHappyHead: 1 times
  @Harmony77: 1 times
uberkraaft mentions:
  @juliankimmings: 1 times
  @umetoys: 1 times
  @andygosling: 1 times
  @artransmitte: 1 times
  @hearn: 1 times
  @teeandtoast: 1 times
  @JayGreasley: 1 times
  @warrenbuckley: 1 times
  @quilo: 1 times
  @msanders: 1 times
  @umegorou: 1 times
johnfmoore mentions:
  @BurgessCT: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @mariaspinola: 1 times
goldkillah mentions:
  @KamikazeSixx: 1 times
  @bellecreation: 1 times
  @phcxkugpylni: 1 times
  @candilynnn: 1 times
amymackinnon mentions:
  @SimplyAudiobook: 1 times
  @harlancoben: 1 times
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
  @megcabot: 1 times
  @LKHamilton: 1 times
  @amymackinnon: 1 times
  @barryeisler: 1 times
  @: 1 times
csswizardry mentions:
  @simonwiffen: 1 times
theebayk1d mentions:
famousaudio mentions:
  @sk8brdjad3: 1 times
  @iamGriddy: 1 times
  @Misscharchar: 1 times
  @IamWaveyK: 1 times
  @BlazedOutMusic: 1 times
  @ThatsKiy0: 1 times
iantyson mentions:
  @quietlaughter: 1 times
  @ryanewaskiw: 1 times
  @sarahfromcurve: 1 times
  @Zelks: 1 times
  @trcool: 1 times
  @yoyojoer: 1 times
  @danielnrichards: 1 times
  @melissabaer8: 1 times
markhendricks mentions:
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @kathiekeeler: 1 times
  @pat2pattern: 1 times
  @DrBorrowdale: 1 times
  @IndependentInst: 1 times
  @pbmods: 1 times
  @markhendricks: 1 times
  @stuntspeaker: 1 times
  @FengS: 1 times
quantumphonic mentions:
  @the912project: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @QuantumPhonic: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
mencap_charity mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
kaotic2 mentions:
  @m33: 1 times
lawoflove mentions:
  @SelfHelpGoddessRT: 1 times
  @swalkingtree: 1 times
  @AbeFan: 1 times
ichikintama mentions:
goodguy5 mentions:
  @FollowMeRnBE: 1 times
  @Speaker99: 1 times
  @LadyParadis: 1 times
  @BarbCalabrese: 1 times
  @hmichaelharvey: 1 times
  @GoodGuy5: 1 times
  @RadioRobyn: 1 times
  @mommamiaria: 1 times
leannedolby mentions:
  @BradHart: 1 times
  @Navarr: 1 times
  @LeanneDolby: 1 times
  @MollyJ87: 1 times
victoriaklein mentions:
  @EnergyGeekCa: 1 times
  @thedailygreen: 1 times
  @thegoodmixer: 1 times
  @VictoriaKlein: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
wylieburt mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
andreicurelaru mentions:
  @EmmanuelGadenne: 1 times
alexsheppard mentions:
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
eugeneboon mentions:
  @PeterPek: 1 times
  @nileshbabu: 1 times
  @GreatDoubt: 1 times
  @akumalaysian: 1 times
  @nikicheong: 1 times
  @EugeneBoon: 1 times
  @Jamasenu@melodysong: 1 times
thefictiondesk mentions:
  @Robaroundbooks: 1 times
  @vanessdobbs: 1 times
bluegrass_it mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
philjohncock mentions:
  @AlexMandossian: 1 times
optionszone mentions:
  @agwarner: 1 times
  @andyswan: 1 times
  @stevenplace: 1 times
  @HamzeiAnalytics: 1 times
  @jaredalevy: 1 times
  @judpyle: 1 times
  @KevinBCook: 1 times
  @CBOE: 1 times
vorticoncmdr mentions:
  @greenacid: 1 times
  @stgoldmann: 1 times
  @kyio: 1 times
  @mediadonis: 1 times
  @belledujour: 1 times
anabell39 mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
tuviabolton mentions:
  @Twabbi: 1 times
jklee2009 mentions:
  @mtrh: 1 times
  @vivmondo: 1 times
  @Martin696: 1 times
  @ComedyBint: 1 times
  @lewisbryan: 1 times
lesliesimpson mentions:
  @strawmanmovie: 1 times
  @ADBarker: 1 times
  @krajczynski: 1 times
  @01000101: 1 times
  @IndywoodFILMS: 1 times
  @fangoriamag: 1 times
  @jameszahn: 1 times
  @dreadcentral: 1 times
  @thehorror: 1 times
ohsuperheroine mentions:
  @saulone: 1 times
  @kwanzer: 1 times
  @Niksterr: 1 times
  @Perazza: 1 times
  @davemccullough: 1 times
toraks mentions:
  @marilyneb: 1 times
  @bordadoingles: 1 times
  @toraks: 1 times
  @imascientist: 1 times
kimdeberhard mentions:
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
theelfinpoet mentions:
  @EcoChic: 2 times
  @NaomiChappell: 1 times
  @AKA: 1 times
  @thecamomilelawn: 1 times
  @dressvintage: 1 times
  @naughtymutt: 1 times
  @LucyFurLeaps: 1 times
  @Greenlashes: 1 times
stevewilkes mentions:
  @philippabowen: 1 times
  @johnnorthwood: 1 times
druckb mentions:
  @cwbfeed: 1 times
  @druckb: 1 times
  @bigfatphoenix: 1 times
  @CocoTralla: 1 times
ethnicsupplies mentions:
  @SuButcher: 1 times
  @StephenBray: 1 times
  @ethnicsupplies: 1 times
  @subutcher: 1 times
  @essexcourier: 1 times
afwife08 mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
niftyknits mentions:
  @Huismus: 1 times
theworktour mentions:
  @TheSaturdaysNow: 1 times
  @unahealy: 1 times
  @MollieOfficial: 1 times
  @FrankieTheSats: 1 times
  @Rochellewiseman: 1 times
  @vanessawhite: 1 times
  @Jaynecollinsmac: 1 times
  @SaturdaysPC: 1 times
rapunzelchen30 mentions:
  @nintendian: 1 times
valuepagesgroup mentions:
  @Donatoortega: 1 times
travelv mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @AnnaOBrien: 1 times
  @techlinkstom: 1 times
  @beautyclutch: 1 times
  @kjoneskc: 1 times
  @JayMattingly: 1 times
  @Duma: 1 times
  @aristocat123: 1 times
quietlaughter mentions:
  @cre8tivkj: 1 times
  @JulianEdwards: 1 times
  @HealingKeys: 1 times
  @mermaidhope: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
olinda mentions:
  @Mountainking: 1 times
  @MonicaMMendes: 1 times
  @fernandoalvim: 1 times
  @estevaona3: 1 times
bennygreenberg mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
giselle2323 mentions:
  @breatheagain: 1 times
tansell85 mentions:
  @Blackcountrymon: 1 times
  @tansell85: 1 times
  @Foxxy36: 1 times
  @kerryjaneD: 1 times
  @utcpla24: 1 times
  @RogerioGaliano: 1 times
docforestal mentions:
  @babw: 1 times
  @mattbango: 1 times
  @rachelbirder: 1 times
  @lakras: 1 times
  @txkyle: 1 times
  @birdingbev: 1 times
  @chirptracker: 1 times
  @birdblogger: 1 times
ttrue1102 mentions:
  @flynavy: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @boston: 1 times
  @afwife08: 1 times
  @woundedwarrior: 1 times
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @justanavywife: 1 times
sandyguerriere mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
musaraign mentions:
  @boloms: 1 times
  @MiB68: 1 times
abundantwater mentions:
  @percapita: 2 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @abundantwater: 1 times
  @mzzlee: 1 times
  @innovinkdesigns: 1 times
  @ChristinePilch: 1 times
  @LaTerraJL: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
ellebarlow mentions:
  @martmcb: 1 times
  @helenl: 1 times
c4lpt mentions:
  @c4lpt: 1 times
levarthomas mentions:
  @power1043: 1 times
  @duugfresh: 1 times
  @hottie10015: 1 times
  @christalshonuff: 1 times
  @TopDollaEast02: 1 times
  @LILBANKHEADV103: 1 times
  @itsmeAmerie: 1 times
kaihattendorf mentions:
  @tweetranking: 1 times
wheresrunnicles mentions:
  @FK: 1 times
  @violincase: 1 times
tecops mentions:
  @ffast: 1 times
yeahtheluckyone mentions:
  @veganone: 1 times
  @veganhope: 1 times
  @RaylonS: 1 times
  @MadcapCupcake: 1 times
  @RaychelCupcake: 1 times
  @IsaChandra: 1 times
  @VeggieChefMayra: 1 times
seattlewillow mentions:
  @SweetCharlotte: 1 times
  @PeterDevereaux: 1 times
  @SlipperyKlutz: 1 times
  @RebelVamp: 1 times
  @Shanih: 1 times
  @TastheRat: 1 times
  @DemetriTracker: 1 times
kicker2 mentions:
  @wendyhendrikse: 1 times
doson mentions:
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
dalyn mentions:
  @IronChefAmerica: 1 times
  @Chefbrian310: 1 times
  @Foodnetworkfans: 1 times
  @dalyn: 1 times
  @lillyybaby: 1 times
  @rowdyfan51: 1 times
sliceonline mentions:
  @cityrat59: 1 times
str8wc mentions:
  @the12kingstar: 1 times
  @wolfcraaft: 1 times
  @lexy315: 1 times
  @Fanlock: 1 times
  @Suns39: 1 times
  @jennsmalls: 1 times
  @str8wc: 1 times
  @klbrink: 1 times
kevincasson mentions:
  @guykawasaki: 1 times
extremeannette mentions:
  @BillZucker: 1 times
lintably mentions:
  @thelistmagazine: 1 times
  @edinburgh: 1 times
  @edinshopper: 1 times
  @edintfest: 1 times
  @leithfestival: 1 times
  @TalesOfOneCity: 1 times
k9hndler98 mentions:
  @TerriLPN: 1 times
  @SemperFratres: 1 times
  @aCitizenSoldier: 1 times
  @USMilVet: 1 times
  @talkwithheroes: 1 times
  @popasmoke: 1 times
  @AfghanOldBlue: 1 times
  @neplex: 1 times
sterestherster mentions:
  @wendyhendrikse: 1 times
fitasfido mentions:
  @DogCastRadio: 1 times
raycast mentions:
  @jaybranch: 1 times
ripfilms mentions:
  @uncletroll: 1 times
  @JefferySelf: 1 times
  @AskCarrieLee: 1 times
  @TooOldToTwit@ripfilms: 1 times
  @iggy35: 1 times
  @jrsnyderjr: 1 times
  @DameElizabeth: 1 times
  @bpcommunity: 1 times
  @BritneysVagina: 1 times
spcsquad mentions:
  @croweiv: 1 times
  @playarabbit: 1 times
  @SupaStarCity: 1 times
  @ontherecordmag: 1 times
  @DJCKaas: 1 times
  @MRCOMMODORE: 1 times
  @Imtrulyblessed: 1 times
  @realadulttalk: 1 times
  @willhuff2: 1 times
exit38 mentions:
  @GrizzlyPAC: 1 times
  @GregCooper: 1 times
  @tlchico: 1 times
  @extremejohn: 1 times
  @brexians: 1 times
  @toyaisme: 1 times
  @oliverschmid: 1 times
  @chr: 1 times
atdigit mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
aned mentions:
  @HanHouse: 1 times
itslikesovonni mentions:
  @obviousmag: 1 times
michael_tuchman mentions:
  @violamaths: 1 times
  @cellobroad: 1 times
doycet mentions:
  @glecharles: 1 times
  @drewmaniac: 1 times
jazzydacat mentions:
  @Keza32: 1 times
  @lilydadog: 1 times
  @Jazzydacat: 1 times
jchristie mentions:
  @holtphoto: 1 times
therealluis mentions:
  @suzzzanna: 1 times
  @thewildjoker: 1 times
  @consumerist: 1 times
  @TheRealLuis: 1 times
  @ProfSHawking: 1 times
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @SPDworks: 1 times
myshitty20s mentions:
  @travelsavecbaba: 1 times
  @ACBChildrens: 1 times
  @MancLibraries: 1 times
  @SMoTV: 1 times
  @CuttingRoomExp: 1 times
  @fridayproject: 1 times
  @vivmondo: 1 times
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
  @GingerbreadUK: 1 times
gift_tours mentions:
  @guestbookvia: 1 times
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @gotSOLEboutique: 1 times
  @EvertonBlair: 1 times
  @MrKinetik: 1 times
  @bigslim24: 1 times
  @frenchkissfm: 1 times
canadiangal84 mentions:
  @BobPickard: 1 times
  @plycraft: 1 times
  @fredinchina: 1 times
brieparaham mentions:
  @CoachDawn: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
  @JairekRobbins: 1 times
  @joebwilliams: 1 times
  @JosephMcClendon: 1 times
alaxo mentions:
  @denQuer: 2 times
  @Denquer: 1 times
  @dEnquer: 1 times
  @deNquer: 1 times
  @denqUer: 1 times
  @denquEr: 1 times
  @denqueR: 1 times
missofg mentions:
kiddo47 mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @LostZombies: 1 times
trachena mentions:
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @Trachena: 1 times
  @tiinag: 1 times
  @smile4mepatty: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @PhilStratton: 1 times
  @dannygokey: 1 times
  @xiane: 1 times
jontufto mentions:
  @erlendlh: 1 times
  @pappajo: 1 times
  @ronaldhole: 1 times
  @janstianvold: 1 times
  @oklum: 1 times
  @christianlura: 1 times
  @runest: 1 times
  @kristinja: 1 times
  @prestegarden: 1 times
chrisaxe mentions:
  @Mmbekah: 1 times
fionajc3 mentions:
  @PembsDave: 1 times
kmac4him mentions:
  @missarlene: 1 times
kmacopy mentions:
  @askaaronlee: 1 times
evangineer mentions:
  @dougald: 1 times
  @signpostr: 1 times
  @colintates: 1 times
elizrn mentions:
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @edoau: 1 times
  @UluaipouOMalo: 1 times
  @salisburydowns: 1 times
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @NanaMex: 1 times
  @vene2: 1 times
fashion_tweets mentions:
  @JunkFoodTees: 1 times
  @McFlyluvv: 1 times
  @Karollcorrea: 1 times
  @Jujjaloo: 1 times
  @fashiontweets: 1 times
  @loveenvye: 1 times
  @Bail88ge: 1 times
  @retweetit: 1 times
  @askelf: 1 times
_fk_ mentions:
  @MazzaClarinet: 1 times
adriana_g mentions:
  @CathieTranent: 1 times
  @squarespace: 5 times
danja mentions:
  @zbeauvais: 1 times
  @stevejalim: 1 times
  @danja: 1 times
  @MalcyL: 1 times
  @monkchips: 1 times
  @chriskeene: 1 times
  @kgriffiths: 1 times
  @robvince: 1 times
  @GrahamCooper: 1 times
canadahelps mentions:
  @alscanada: 1 times
  @rethinktweet: 1 times
  @TheRyansWell: 1 times
  @MountSinai: 1 times
  @CatsAhoyMobile: 1 times
c14ism mentions:
  @CurriculumVitae: 1 times
  @learnfrench: 1 times
silverlady11 mentions:
  @lynnali2: 1 times
  @birchy: 1 times
  @zebeedeejane: 1 times
  @lynnedy: 1 times
  @littlelin: 1 times
  @littledotty: 1 times
chearmstrong mentions:
  @dancenode: 1 times
richarddaly mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
thegreatgonzo mentions:
  @Bobbyllew: 1 times
  @ExtraBold: 1 times
  @Felixcohen: 1 times
  @Giagia: 1 times
  @JemStone: 1 times
  @Jupitusphillip: 1 times
  @Mysociety: 1 times
  @Pickledpolitics: 1 times
  @TheBrewCo: 1 times
  @Unsheffield: 1 times
a_rebello mentions:
  @samara7days: 2 times
breitenbach mentions:
  @Karlshochschule: 1 times
  @DrLutzBecker: 1 times
  @maybon: 1 times
billhurlbut mentions:
  @samsimoes: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @DINA: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
  @nickspiers: 1 times
  @GarrickDConner: 1 times
famousfollower mentions:
  @brittneyskye69: 1 times
  @jizlee: 1 times
  @carlosmencia: 1 times
  @G4SexyLadies: 1 times
  @blairherter: 1 times
  @MorganWebb: 1 times
  @ShawnaLeneeXXX: 1 times
  @howardtv: 1 times
  @PlayboyTV: 1 times
markgrah mentions:
  @davidschons: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @markgrah: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
muti mentions:
elisasc mentions:
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @ValerieStevens: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @kristinecruz: 1 times
  @BluegrassPrint: 1 times
  @jefflindsay: 1 times
  @SimpleStencils: 1 times
  @9swords: 1 times
  @tammyRhoman: 1 times
adam_on_tour mentions:
  @ifooch: 1 times
lblines mentions:
  @ivybean104: 1 times
  @mabel1922: 1 times
chefbobthecb mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
milblogging mentions:
  @JoAnneMoretti: 1 times
  @shararee: 1 times
  @TheNatlGuard: 1 times
  @bgale11: 1 times
brett mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
waveoffreedom mentions:
  @SuperfoodsGal: 1 times
  @GeniusBorn: 1 times
  @ontheroadwithiv: 1 times
  @groovetap: 1 times
  @biglifenow: 1 times
  @JeremyVineBBC: 1 times
  @Andrew33606: 1 times
  @fraggleoncrete: 1 times
roundpeg mentions:
  @ShawnieQR: 1 times
  @roundpeg: 1 times
  @aballstudio: 1 times
asronline mentions:
  @AppleGeeek: 1 times
  @DanielMysterio: 1 times
  @AppStoreMod: 1 times
  @gzackim: 1 times
  @ClickedApps: 1 times
  @iUberGeek: 1 times
  @TouchReviews: 1 times
  @Fishinsmit: 1 times
flowerthefairy mentions:
  @MichaelApproved: 1 times
  @VmpTw: 1 times
  @VampireLover: 1 times
  @greeneyegirl711: 1 times
  @ingek73: 1 times
  @EricNorthman: 1 times
  @VampireStan: 1 times
  @PamatFangtasia: 1 times
  @FairyClaudine: 1 times
djleenieman mentions:
  @wah4life: 1 times
  @djleenieman: 1 times
  @jaype: 1 times
  @jennypennifer: 1 times
  @karenwilliams: 1 times
ainezoemonster mentions:
danaatx mentions:
  @mizfitonline: 1 times
  @iamsucceeding: 1 times
harley_tech mentions:
  @DDJaded: 1 times
  @dreamindemon: 1 times
  @RottenAppleDD: 1 times
  @Lizard: 1 times
  @kindertrauma: 1 times
  @MrsWerewolf: 1 times
nsalisbury mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
starstruklynna mentions:
  @debra47: 1 times
  @MisterQwerty: 1 times
  @mkatmahoney: 1 times
  @sherisaid: 1 times
  @cindyoyo: 1 times
  @NatalieTM: 1 times
  @PatNarciso: 1 times
moneypenney mentions:
  @mencapcharity: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @jowhiley: 1 times
  @DonalMacIntyre: 1 times
abigvictory mentions:
  @MissAmbiguous: 1 times
  @BadBanana: 1 times
  @adamisacson: 1 times
  @kolchak: 1 times
  @smilinbjones: 1 times
celebritymound mentions:
  @therealjibbs: 1 times
edentrepreneur mentions:
  @rjsfinancial: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @RoryGallagher80: 1 times
  @kathystover: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @DHPhotography: 1 times
  @MyMeesh: 1 times
undisclosedp mentions:
  @keefcakes: 1 times
  @kaigani: 1 times
tajdaroc mentions:
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
  @TajdarOC: 1 times
missodemi mentions:
  @BRich404: 1 times
kimblairwitch mentions:
  @rhemsworth: 1 times
  @weeyin13: 1 times
butwait mentions:
  @womanist: 1 times
jkhoey mentions:
  @LAWSCOPE: 1 times
sznq mentions:
  @tremendousnewsIf: 1 times
cadeskywalker mentions:
  @deathstar: 1 times
  @hoticeplanet: 1 times
  @gedeonn: 1 times
  @darthvader: 1 times
  @shmiskywalker: 1 times
  @hansolo: 1 times
  @leiaorgana: 1 times
  @cptnjainasolo: 1 times
  @obiwankenobi: 1 times
  @countdooku: 1 times
sarahww mentions:
  @MikeLaroche: 1 times
  @meepbopeep: 1 times
  @lisalikes: 1 times
  @ninnuh: 1 times
  @lawschoolninja: 1 times
  @lizhickman: 1 times
  @tonygk: 1 times
threew mentions:
  @aradzie: 1 times
  @joaomrpereira: 1 times
  @GBlancLaine: 1 times
  @i140: 1 times
  @michaelbolton: 1 times
joshchernin mentions:
  @pgiblett: 1 times
  @bobgarrett: 1 times
  @sanjeevnaik: 1 times
  @solarfeeds: 1 times
  @christyku: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @myzerowaste: 1 times
  @Windbaron: 1 times
tommphilip mentions:
  @MaxKirby: 1 times
  @SFHHPodcast: 1 times
secret_riches mentions:
  @rodneyarvid: 1 times
  @thehaircutguy: 1 times
  @secretriches: 1 times
  @AlexKalbasi: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
alexcrabb mentions:
  @Qponusboston: 1 times
goldymom mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
  @GoldyMom: 1 times
thatcats mentions:
samdownie mentions:
  @Banksyart2: 1 times
szetela mentions:
johnhaydon mentions:
  @sarahrobinson: 1 times
john_northwood mentions:
sharlyn_lauby mentions:
  @lreuttimann: 1 times
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @thelance: 1 times
  @jessicalee: 1 times
  @krisdunn: 1 times
  @frannyo: 1 times
nerdychristie mentions:
  @AvelingArtworks: 1 times
  @FaunaFloraInt: 1 times
charlesisgod mentions:
  @chokeychicken: 1 times
  @TheFatJew: 1 times
  @burbankhays: 1 times
  @itsjohncampbell: 1 times
  @mattfazzi: 1 times
  @jordanETID: 1 times
  @jnewton: 1 times
benoit_dupont mentions:
  @EmmanuelGadenne: 1 times
edpadgett mentions:
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @tmpollard: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @tigerlvr28: 1 times
  @susanlani: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @JMCMinistries: 1 times
  @Thrillerauthor: 1 times
  @mossinterest: 1 times
nanetteschimpf mentions:
  @pattymarshall: 1 times
  @krisitab: 1 times
  @jimhunt: 1 times
  @nanetteschimpf: 1 times
  @dkrassner: 1 times
  @floridasunsales: 1 times
  @paulsutherland: 1 times
mattlloydbos mentions:
  @brett: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
mbrewer mentions:
  @artchickhb: 1 times
blogness mentions:
  @pchianca: 1 times
joostvg mentions:
  @directsex: 1 times
  @qprutyetsvdh: 1 times
  @metverdonkrechtnaarbenee: 1 times
thatgirl_karen mentions:
  @egfashion: 1 times
  @thatgirlKaren: 1 times
crazy_mj mentions:
  @crazymj: 1 times
  @HyBRiX: 1 times
  @hexneken: 1 times
  @Xanetia: 1 times
  @Parra: 1 times
  @4lv4ro: 1 times
  @Lens: 1 times
  @Casandra80: 1 times
  @danidcstr: 1 times
oli2be mentions:
  @dominiquerdr: 1 times
  @razzmichi: 1 times
  @fmeichel: 1 times
keyknowhow mentions:
  @AndreaChin: 1 times
  @LegendaryGage: 1 times
  @KeyKnowHow: 1 times
  @stewapiper: 1 times
  @AngelaVCampbell: 1 times
  @JereySummers: 1 times
golfenvironment mentions:
  @guardianweekly: 1 times
smileysnj mentions:
  @RutheeS: 2 times
  @Zatzie: 1 times
  @smileysnj: 1 times
r0uzic mentions:
  @pikarah: 1 times
  @jorx: 1 times
  @mertxe: 1 times
  @parra: 1 times
  @anitaris: 1 times
  @stbarry: 1 times
  @martaabella: 1 times
  @ancude: 1 times
  @mariamg: 1 times
  @tvspot: 1 times
mattybulman mentions:
  @BBlane: 1 times
  @Sassygirl4444: 1 times
  @Denkar1891: 1 times
  @garethjsmith: 1 times
  @mattybulman@dvern: 1 times
  @sandykimchi: 1 times
realandrews mentions:
  @vote4parag: 1 times
  @wheatonbrando: 1 times
  @TheP1414: 1 times
  @jmtorrey: 1 times
  @MikePera: 1 times
  @CommishChick: 1 times
  @GBGinny: 1 times
  @FF101: 1 times
tobydunn mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
ldferguson mentions:
  @MiriamAhern: 1 times
  @komplettie: 1 times
  @overheardatmoo: 1 times
jwestwood mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @DanielleRicks: 1 times
  @DebraSnider: 1 times
  @gethoneycutt: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @zanesafrit: 1 times
abacab1975 mentions:
  @liamsbitch: 1 times
iwillassistyou mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @CreateYourRate: 1 times
  @MrTweetAlert: 1 times
  @DAVIDVGOLIATH: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @MzHtx: 1 times
  @debramorrison: 1 times
  @DavieMason: 1 times
xo0ashh mentions:
  @NYCgirl814: 1 times
  @Alydenisof: 1 times
  @AmberBenson: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @Tomlenk: 1 times
  @Juliebenz: 1 times
  @Feliciaday: 1 times
  @Julietlandau: 1 times
brynmorgan mentions:
wishingtree mentions:
  @Ethnicsupplies: 1 times
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @WelshDragon72: 1 times
  @PembsDave: 1 times
  @martinfaux: 1 times
  @NancyLovesPets: 1 times
charlesquentin mentions:
  @hitman1971: 1 times
  @shellyroche: 1 times
  @nprscottsimon: 1 times
  @charlesquentin: 1 times
  @Emani: 1 times
  @Nansen: 1 times
  @rajskub: 1 times
  @drdrew: 1 times
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
forescout mentions:
mefio mentions:
  @BogdanZ: 1 times
sandieb321 mentions:
  @JuliaCherryPie: 1 times
  @scandilicious: 1 times
  @poorgirlgourmet: 1 times
  @chefjhugh: 1 times
  @sandieb321: 1 times
  @ItsJoelen: 1 times
_emmajane_ mentions:
mlane mentions:
  @toddlibby: 1 times
claire_stokoe mentions:
  @brett: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
mr_chips_443 mentions:
  @ProductiveUcast: 1 times
moonvine mentions:
  @mbrownauthor: 1 times
  @hellams: 1 times
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
  @LizzyJeanAllen: 1 times
scherellc mentions:
  @LLAmos: 1 times
  @SchereLLC: 1 times
molliemoo mentions:
  @fabmums: 1 times
  @ClaireSnugBaby: 1 times
  @Caroljs: 1 times
  @mummylooksfab: 1 times
  @molliemoo2: 1 times
  @thedesignerbaby: 1 times
  @childrensjewell: 1 times
  @ahhshazbot: 1 times
  @monstersmonkeys: 1 times
modulista mentions:
  @DerrexBrady: 2 times
  @wfxtoday: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @SarahRobinson: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @gopalo: 1 times
  @modulista: 1 times
singleartist mentions:
  @xxchange: 1 times
  @KRobinho: 1 times
  @chasejarvis: 1 times
  @zemotion: 1 times
  @nickcreevy: 1 times
  @UweNoelke: 1 times
moeturner mentions:
  @JavaCupcake: 1 times
swoodruff mentions:
jeroenstegeman mentions:
  @nawid: 1 times
zmill mentions:
  @ashalicious925: 1 times
  @noahlampert: 1 times
  @gabyduran: 1 times
  @bigdaddykang: 1 times
  @rykeyz: 1 times
  @jamonwhite: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @JUDAHontheBEAT: 1 times
  @pianomann85: 1 times
auldmags mentions:
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
  @EarthVitalSigns: 1 times
  @NASAKepler: 1 times
julesyog mentions:
  @Bev43: 1 times
  @SchofieldFans: 1 times
  @StefanBoothFans: 1 times
  @jantunstill: 1 times
  @RSG3191: 1 times
  @funkycarla8: 1 times
  @cosmicmother: 1 times
chidesigns mentions:
  @lovethatfabric: 1 times
maryhogan2 mentions:
  @sfoshee1: 1 times
  @SusanHW: 1 times
  @bhaddad: 1 times
  @Palinspired: 1 times
  @DustinJMcClure: 1 times
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
  @@AlgorithmFundFX: 1 times
  @detroitccw: 1 times
errorfix mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @arbonneteam: 1 times
  @longbow767: 1 times
  @KAlanRobbins: 1 times
  @HDTVCameraman: 1 times
  @johny2shoesUK: 1 times
  @ExtremeAnnette: 1 times
ralphiethedj mentions:
  @smileysnj: 1 times
  @ralphiethedj: 1 times
rueschen mentions:
  @FrauEngel: 1 times
phroghollow mentions:
  @auscomeplay: 1 times
dobeedobeeda mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
brentnhunter mentions:
  @srinig: 1 times
  @uponrequestoc: 1 times
  @AdeliaReid: 1 times
  @craignewmark: 1 times
  @adamhart: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
_unfollow mentions:
  @Gaycams: 1 times
sicalee mentions:
  @submom: 1 times
chasl mentions:
  @BusinessDIY: 1 times
  @zaynedrose: 1 times
  @jeffcrab: 1 times
  @HitDanBack: 1 times
  @BLAXSMITH: 1 times
  @Insight2Talent: 1 times
  @Emity: 1 times
  @Gifttours: 1 times
  @JonKnight: 1 times
badboy49er mentions:
  @MadScientist06: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @MrSwaGGsUrFeR: 1 times
  @MrTheodore: 1 times
  @SamitSarkar: 1 times
  @sdrotar: 1 times
  @Shopmaster: 1 times
  @slashfilm: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @MPDamon: 1 times
ianpeatey mentions:
  @FairyBlogMother: 1 times
  @SereneBalance: 1 times
  @serenejourney: 1 times
  @happylotus: 1 times
  @DavidDCain: 1 times
  @Porsidan: 1 times
  @AContentLife: 1 times
stiplady mentions:
  @140tees: 1 times
  @funtosee: 1 times
drstephenjones mentions:
teapartyprotest mentions:
  @kyliejanekremer: 1 times
lyndalippin mentions:
  @patobryan: 1 times
  @SheilaAtwood: 1 times
  @trappersherwood: 1 times
  @cdjensen: 1 times
  @RobsNiche: 1 times
  @KarenLKay: 1 times
  @kateloving: 1 times
lolahedoonline mentions:
  @P0RCELAIN: 2 times
  @ThreeWaysIn: 1 times
  @LolaHedoOnline: 1 times
  @SexaholicBBW: 1 times
  @ModernHooker: 1 times
  @AsukaBlossoms: 1 times
  @Wyldekyttin: 1 times
tokyofan mentions:
  @autumnmycat: 1 times
  @LoserFaceTM: 1 times
  @xXJuliaJesusXx: 1 times
  @spamfromjapan: 1 times
  @nikkoran: 1 times
  @Bunnichan: 1 times
  @bigplrbear: 1 times
drevilll mentions:
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @AOChiro: 2 times
  @Drevilll: 1 times
  @iambriangreen: 1 times
  @wetoldyouso: 1 times
  @JimFBrown: 1 times
  @StillStacy: 1 times
  @drsophie: 1 times
  @Burdoc: 1 times
basilakis mentions:
justcallmemac mentions:
  @DizzyDezzi: 1 times
  @NicholasTS: 1 times
  @JustcallmeMac: 1 times
  @LuvHappy: 1 times
  @MeanderingMuse: 1 times
  @MendoCoast: 1 times
originalnajeema mentions:
  @CreativeStu: 1 times
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @1kimberlyjo: 1 times
  @skinnyblackgirl: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @OriginalNajeema: 1 times
zeenatsyal mentions:
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
  @starjohnson: 1 times
  @roshawnwatson: 1 times
  @rampent: 1 times
  @rpesce: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMORTG: 1 times
  @DavidKing: 1 times
firetown mentions:
  @pr0tege: 1 times
  @firetown: 1 times
rcantiques mentions:
  @dextergrass: 1 times
  @maxwellvintage: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @hanhouse: 1 times
  @tandemanantiques: 1 times
  @kipstargirl: 1 times
  @oldlux: 1 times
shawnacoronado mentions:
  @annieinaustin: 1 times
burcuakyol mentions:
  @ShellTerrell: 1 times
moxiecitygirl mentions:
the_merge mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
dj720 mentions:
  @dj720: 1 times
  @deejaytechnique: 1 times
  @djmiked: 1 times
stewchambers mentions:
  @APMagazine: 1 times
  @guycollierphoto: 1 times
  @rgphotographic: 1 times
  @f2point4: 1 times
  @magnumphotos: 1 times
louisebolotin mentions:
  @hazedavis: 1 times
  @in: 1 times
suefenwick mentions:
  @JustBella: 1 times
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
tdfinn mentions:
  @BaseballGV: 1 times
  @bklein34: 1 times
  @zubov56: 1 times
  @mom2aQT: 1 times
  @bcamps: 1 times
  @SportsGeeks: 1 times
  @thewendy: 1 times
  @CherryPoint49: 1 times
  @GiddyGaddy: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @balc63: 1 times
utterhip mentions:
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @YahyaHenry: 1 times
simonbishop mentions:
  @Mallarybc: 1 times
journeywoman mentions:
  @traveldesigned: 1 times
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
gypsyowl mentions:
  @DarkPiano: 1 times
  @NatalieBrown: 1 times
  @SimonAshaan: 1 times
marionchapsal mentions:
  @JennShallvey: 1 times
  @lollydaskal: 1 times
  @TomVMorris: 1 times
  @ColinWLewis: 1 times
  @btwendel: 1 times
  @motivcoach: 1 times
  @sharoneden: 1 times
newyorkchica mentions:
  @ThyroidMary: 1 times
abletool mentions:
  @IndustrialTalk: 1 times
  @3DCNC: 1 times
  @ConcorTool: 1 times
davemcevers mentions:
  @LehmannPhoto: 1 times
  @mckra1g: 1 times
briandfrancis mentions:
  @astromike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
davidlmcafee mentions:
  @SethHarwood: 1 times
  @StevenSavile: 1 times
  @VariancePublish: 1 times
  @Triceretops: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @asphaltcowgrrl: 1 times
  @DGrintalis: 1 times
  @MissKitty1923: 1 times
arthurfontes mentions:
  @irishgalartist: 1 times
  @imsure: 1 times
  @realphilhendrie: 1 times
  @naylyn: 1 times
  @GuitarDragon: 1 times
  @Apocalyptica: 1 times
dponte mentions:
  @xbermudez: 2 times
  @RobertoCarreras: 1 times
karter4 mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @nancyoverbury: 1 times
  @orangy68: 1 times
  @fredinchina: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @toptentopten: 1 times
  @GuidesForBrides: 1 times
krizanovich mentions:
  @maureenrice: 1 times
  @psychologies: 1 times
  @HealthWriter: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
  @RichardStJohn: 1 times
mezandy mentions:
  @vinyltoys: 1 times
  @TokyoBunnie: 1 times
  @drilone: 1 times
  @JamFactory: 1 times
  @budclicks: 1 times
  @tigerbrat: 1 times
  @neonmonster: 1 times
  @muttpop: 1 times
  @jumbola: 1 times
  @artransmitte: 1 times
moragbrand mentions:
  @colinnewlyn: 1 times
id1om mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
samoan mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @mminidis: 1 times
andsomepeople mentions:
  @BBHLabs: 1 times
judismile mentions:
  @thetarotlady: 1 times
  @astrogrrl: 2 times
  @ShadowFoxTarot: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @EarthLifeInst: 1 times
  @TheDivinePrince: 1 times
causeperfect mentions:
  @RobmDyson: 1 times
  @stillOrange: 1 times
  @TogetherUK: 1 times
thafuture703 mentions:
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @AnitaNelson: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @ThaFuture703: 1 times
  @da: 1 times
benandefrat mentions:
  @ReikiAwakening: 1 times
  @empoweredandfit: 1 times
  @DeliaRose: 1 times
  @sophielhoste: 1 times
  @frankdickinson: 1 times
  @CharmsOfLight: 1 times
  @tschaeper: 1 times
many_miles mentions:
  @smashadv: 1 times
snoozysu mentions:
  @SouthernPlate: 1 times
  @Loveandemulsion: 1 times
  @SnoozySu: 1 times
  @mommyskitchen: 1 times
  @marcellehi: 1 times
  @Tncountrygal: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
loufranco mentions:
  @PatBrough: 1 times
  @sighclub: 1 times
  @jasonturcotte: 1 times
  @pogophile: 1 times
  @drninjaphd: 1 times
jbelmont mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
melisalw mentions:
  @mrs4444: 1 times
  @dearmisterman: 1 times
  @nukedad: 1 times
  @microblogology: 1 times
  @jennifer8582: 1 times
  @tarar: 1 times
donaldww mentions:
  @CoachKfromLA: 2 times
  @silixell: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @donaldww: 1 times
  @dorothydalton: 1 times
cutesyme mentions:
  @faulko1: 1 times
  @hitman1971: 1 times
shawnmdriscoll mentions:
  @lindafreedland: 1 times
  @suzanneevans: 1 times
  @traceydelcamp: 1 times
  @rosiebattista: 1 times
  @donnakozik: 1 times
  @shawnmdriscoll: 1 times
sondrafaye mentions:
  @sarahndipitous: 1 times
  @Twuoted: 1 times
  @nanetteschimpf: 1 times
  @JimHunt: 1 times
  @StephJWspread: 1 times
sandesaimond mentions:
  @rohitishere1@keeda: 1 times
  @grentone: 1 times
  @SandeSaimond: 1 times
  @RevzNexus: 1 times
  @allaboutcricket: 1 times
  @SGerdes: 1 times
bluto83 mentions:
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @CRAYFISHNATION: 1 times
  @Bluto83: 1 times
  @countrygirl86: 1 times
  @STXherry: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @jimbulian: 1 times
leeanne_b mentions:
  @digates: 1 times
  @leeanneb: 1 times
  @herbkim: 1 times
  @katzy: 1 times
  @pezsez: 1 times
  @tomgooday: 1 times
blindtex52 mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
ryangerritsen mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @MASHABLE: 1 times
  @benparr: 1 times
  @jbruin: 1 times
  @SharonFeder: 1 times
  @Adamostrow: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @adamhirsch: 1 times
  @franticnews: 1 times
  @catone: 1 times
seansrich mentions:
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @Battleborne: 1 times
  @jeffallen12: 1 times
  @twocrowsjohn: 1 times
  @usagrassroots: 1 times
  @allapparel: 1 times
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @seansrich: 1 times
  @Kazport: 1 times
cocoonvehicles mentions:
  @rhysadams: 1 times
  @cocoonvehicles: 1 times
slyberu mentions:
  @emietessier: 1 times
coachlee mentions:
  @lizgreene: 1 times
  @empireisis: 1 times
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
weareteachers mentions:
  @ShiftParadigmedu: 1 times
  @TalkDoc2: 1 times
  @weskriesel: 1 times
  @WeAreTeachers: 1 times
  @ransomtech: 1 times
  @MrsDi: 1 times
  @bmchism: 1 times
  @mentormadness: 1 times
  @kdw: 1 times
carilmurphy mentions:
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @CariLMurphy: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @dawizonline: 1 times
  @EarthLiteShop: 1 times
  @iwannahelp: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @masdedy: 1 times
  @ZnaT: 1 times
hocuspocusjr mentions:
  @mikegarrick: 1 times
  @thepauldaniels: 1 times
  @richardwiseman: 1 times
  @jupitusphillip: 1 times
danknowlson mentions:
  @HelpSaveBees: 1 times
  @EthicsTrading: 1 times
  @ethicalsoap: 1 times
  @Ethnicsupplies: 1 times
jd_faery mentions:
  @done: 1 times
  @Drohan90: 1 times
  @ghostdirector: 1 times
auntiej41 mentions:
  @BestBodyDetox: 1 times
  @auntiej41: 1 times
  @itsallaboutme13: 1 times
  @HOPEFAITHSUCCES: 1 times
  @jthomp2Thanks: 1 times
micetta77 mentions:
  @7726: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
djhiztory mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @SoulMethod: 1 times
  @djhiztory: 1 times
  @bigced: 1 times
  @Rhythm96: 1 times
  @Hot963: 1 times
  @DJTHEFRESHPRINC: 1 times
  @GyantScoop: 1 times
dreadfuls mentions:
  @PappysFunClub: 1 times
jasonlinas mentions:
  @Bcollective: 1 times
  @TrevorDickerson: 1 times
  @getfamous: 1 times
  @rvafashionista: 1 times
  @pijornification: 1 times
  @edwardbbaldwin: 1 times
workforce101 mentions:
  @ElineKullock: 1 times
jhashey mentions:
  @WarriorsEdge: 1 times
  @danielhautjobb: 1 times
  @DeanCoulson: 1 times
  @dustinlebel: 1 times
  @jamiesulc: 1 times
artsshowtime mentions:
  @ArtsLondon: 1 times
  @BAASO: 1 times
expertssecrets mentions:
  @richweaver: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @CreateSolutions: 1 times
  @HypnoticYogi: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
adamatherton mentions:
  @cyclopsandowl: 1 times
  @UlyssesSeen: 1 times
  @DMacPherson: 1 times
  @metsukex: 1 times
  @mikeytheblack: 1 times
  @MIduffee: 1 times
redmanandy mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @BrandRepublic: 1 times
  @Davesustain: 1 times
  @beyondnorm: 1 times
  @hotapple: 1 times
  @justcreative: 1 times
  @FletchMcGull: 1 times
autumnthemovie mentions:
  @autumn972: 1 times
dunkin_the_cat mentions:
  @cokietheat: 1 times
  @misscleocat: 1 times
  @daisydarlin: 1 times
  @maxthequiltcat: 1 times
  @maddcatt: 1 times
  @musumusu: 1 times
  @shawneeshep: 1 times
  @grandmastormy: 1 times
christinavos mentions:
  @moragbrand: 1 times
  @kellycairns: 1 times
  @virtualgirluk: 1 times
  @ckpa: 1 times
  @businessmum: 1 times
  @ChristinaVOS: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
gaalinda mentions:
  @AmyLaRee: 1 times
  @evliving: 1 times
  @ChironOKeefe: 1 times
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
  @gaalinda: 1 times
  @RefandUmpTravel: 1 times
  @WriteAdvantage: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
angrybritain mentions:
jennafleur mentions:
  @tiffani: 1 times
  @mtmcfarl: 1 times
  @brianauton: 1 times
  @roymorejon: 1 times
  @adam10: 1 times
  @iamgzy: 1 times
  @tweedledm: 1 times
  @pacticeplanr: 1 times
  @boomclickaboom: 1 times
brians_cat mentions:
  @TheGreatNoodles: 1 times
  @LunaMyTuna: 1 times
  @Wildboutbirds: 1 times
fourpeet mentions:
  @JeanneBehr: 1 times
damanique mentions:
  @youpvanthek: 1 times
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
booooothman mentions:
  @pinkpebs: 1 times
  @sudosushi: 1 times
  @EvieStubbs: 1 times
  @steph1985: 1 times
  @toptiddles: 1 times
  @girlinthecafe: 1 times
  @AdamTyson: 1 times
  @verygoodyear: 1 times
  @simone1402: 1 times
  @Radiowroclove: 1 times
labanova mentions:
  @webstream: 1 times
  @max0n: 1 times
lilly_austen mentions:
sion71 mentions:
baciami1st mentions:
  @diamondemory: 1 times
  @preciouspepper: 1 times
  @targetstars: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @baciami1st: 1 times
  @shawnarj: 1 times
  @mzdann: 1 times
blackberrysites mentions:
  @Videos4BB: 1 times
  @themes4bb: 1 times
  @CoolBBThemes: 1 times
  @FabianMH: 1 times
  @eVeek: 1 times
  @CellySmellys: 1 times
  @TheScore: 1 times
  @phikai: 1 times
nicharry mentions:
  @HarryReginald: 1 times
lemezma mentions:
  @daveybarnett: 1 times
  @sycamoredesign: 1 times
ramcosca mentions:
  @nativiris: 1 times
  @nrodriguez: 1 times
elledenise mentions:
  @tropicanasliim: 1 times
  @shaunathn: 1 times
  @ChrissyCole: 1 times
  @SdotDaGREAT: 1 times
  @JooMe: 1 times
  @frostedoranges: 1 times
  @lovemissjade: 1 times
  @Carrmycal: 1 times
  @marcmywrds: 1 times
dimensionofmind mentions:
  @rafiq: 1 times
  @pushformono: 1 times
sandrarodrigues mentions:
  @RichardRN: 1 times
  @SandraRodrigues: 1 times
  @darrensproat: 1 times
  @10goderecho: 1 times
mww1954 mentions:
  @reenit: 1 times
  @prd2: 1 times
  @pastorjose: 1 times
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
  @standingfirmCM: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @java4two: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @butterflybeacon: 1 times
meanderingmuse mentions:
  @mortgagesage: 1 times
  @dizzydezzi: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @mortgageoracle: 1 times
  @freespiritdiva: 1 times
  @bradhart: 1 times
  @thornesworld: 1 times
  @dharmaduck: 1 times
  @lexgrrl: 1 times
cynsheis mentions:
  @senssible: 1 times
sheemusic mentions:
  @wickedim: 1 times
  @nataliedfrost: 1 times
  @oreowolf: 1 times
  @unitedmusicro: 1 times
  @metah4: 1 times
  @moonsatellite: 1 times
  @networknowevent: 1 times
  @nashmarc: 1 times
  @boogietheman: 1 times
jswtx mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
bignat804 mentions:
  @UniiqueChiq: 1 times
  @misshannahshae: 1 times
  @Jahiwitness: 1 times
  @TheyHadSaid: 1 times
  @Midficial: 1 times
  @1065thebeat: 1 times
  @bignat804: 1 times
  @SalioElSol08: 1 times
  @8plus9: 1 times
lisasdream mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @bullhunter: 1 times
  @StephenONeil: 1 times
  @EwanRobb: 1 times
  @kaytregoning: 1 times
  @DoYouDiggIt: 1 times
jenafern mentions:
  @HatedNation: 1 times
  @billyhallowell: 1 times
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @ManlysRepublic: 1 times
  @isawthelight: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
ponet mentions:
  @katjaib: 1 times
crankrecords mentions:
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @DJFuture: 1 times
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
  @gargameljermel: 1 times
  @MOSSBERGDABEAST: 1 times
  @darealyoungwise: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
siobhanguthrie mentions:
  @myvaspace: 1 times
  @JennyFlintoft: 1 times
  @SharonGaskin: 1 times
  @CathDaley: 1 times
  @SiobhanGuthrie: 1 times
jeffreyhite mentions:
  @azab: 1 times
moviecritics mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
heyjudelewis mentions:
  @biffgriff: 1 times
  @patgarrat657961: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @deililly: 1 times
  @boxhillboy: 1 times
  @BamCe: 1 times
  @Aichas: 1 times
bdorr mentions:
richontwitter mentions:
  @bassgroove999: 1 times
mrdarcy_uk mentions:
  @Llubyloo: 1 times
darevolutionary mentions:
  @jamokie: 1 times
  @oliverschmid: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @mrrodd: 1 times
  @setandgoprods: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @joegerstandt: 1 times
  @riotgrrlie: 1 times
  @MilanQ: 1 times
ade1965 mentions:
  @sidburgess: 1 times
  @emnorm: 1 times
  @bigcam01: 1 times
  @airrad: 1 times
  @pussygaloria007: 1 times
  @Vertago1: 1 times
lbutterworth mentions:
  @dogsandcats: 1 times
  @willwrite4food: 1 times
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @ThePetWiki: 1 times
  @petdoctorforum: 1 times
madure mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @MikeStelzner: 1 times
  @JJReich: 1 times
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @MaiyaRose: 1 times
  @madure: 1 times
  @JosephRanseth: 1 times
  @LarsOZ: 1 times
gabrielvaraljay mentions:
  @sugardayfox: 1 times
  @tzs007: 1 times
  @axika: 1 times
  @soosviki: 1 times
  @1Georgio: 1 times
  @vassjozsef: 1 times
walkinthewoods1 mentions:
  @ChrisHuff: 1 times
sirbob mentions:
  @monkeyknopfler: 1 times
tojosan mentions:
  @IdoNotes: 1 times
  @CosmosGirl: 1 times
  @JavaSTL: 1 times
  @tojosan: 1 times
  @naturalwoman: 1 times
  @rabeidoh: 1 times
destinystarr mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
seanmalarkey mentions:
  @barefootexec: 1 times
smile4mepatty mentions:
  @Ekkekkorecords: 1 times
  @kooder: 1 times
  @luv4Animation: 1 times
  @mountainkat: 1 times
  @micsolis: 1 times
  @SEOWEBwhizbiz: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @executive321: 1 times
rlbates mentions:
  @scanman: 1 times
treyeley mentions:
  @urbanbydesign: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @dcw: 1 times
  @chuckholliday: 1 times
  @TreyEley: 1 times
  @DallasBlack: 1 times
  @Inkognegro: 1 times
  @djdnice: 1 times
  @CoryBooker: 1 times
  @humanitycritic: 1 times
laraslattery mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
rosaliecullen_ mentions:
  @IrishVampire: 1 times
  @MagsRyan: 1 times
derryx mentions:
  @dompap: 1 times
  @vigi109: 1 times
  @Sharkkles: 1 times
  @originalbobbya: 1 times
  @wildirishrover: 1 times
satsugaicat mentions:
  @LoveMyPoodles: 1 times
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
  @CrazyFelix: 1 times
  @KayHunter: 1 times
moggitgirls mentions:
  @smashadv: 1 times
mooseheadlager mentions:
  @sdesic: 1 times
  @LostNMissing: 1 times
  @MaryjMeechan: 1 times
  @viatroybell: 1 times
  @mdirocco: 1 times
  @russellsmith21: 1 times
earthlingsmovie mentions:
  @SandraJLawson: 1 times
  @Vegtv: 1 times
  @EarthlingsMovie: 1 times
  @bikehugger: 1 times
grannyjacksons mentions:
  @galwayspca: 1 times
  @petethevet: 1 times
  @hearingdogs: 1 times
  @queenofshops: 1 times
loveandemulsion mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @onetaiya: 1 times
  @anglersaccess: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @ArticlesFYI: 1 times
tpr2 mentions:
  @nofixedoffice: 1 times
  @tpr2: 1 times
jt_illustrator mentions:
  @TomHoehn: 1 times
alicejam mentions:
  @heykim: 1 times
  @alicejam: 1 times
  @sinbadbad: 1 times
  @jodywatley: 1 times
  @OhBriBri: 1 times
margiemiguel mentions:
  @kirkfamily: 1 times
abbsound mentions:
  @lukashevich: 1 times
  @deepapple: 1 times
  @eldarmurtazin: 1 times
  @tarasmi: 1 times
  @andreikharlanov: 1 times
  @JohnhampsonUK: 1 times
  @umputun: 1 times
  @tiaurus: 1 times
  @ekozlov: 2 times
  @turubar: 1 times
jameshowephoto mentions:
  @nuwomb: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
  @bburzycki: 1 times
  @psbphotography: 1 times
  @chrisspooner: 1 times
  @buonaluce: 1 times
sonjajovan mentions:
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
dondiscumaci mentions:
  @alphamares: 1 times
  @TammyRedmond: 1 times
  @Sharonhayes: 1 times
  @cjdarlington: 1 times
  @sueyoungmedia: 1 times
sgilkenson mentions:
  @GYLewis: 1 times
  @sallytrace: 1 times
  @pennyrhodes: 1 times
  @intricateartist: 1 times
  @natasha: 1 times
  @HenkTerHeide: 1 times
  @TheArtistsWeb: 1 times
  @worldarts: 1 times
followingbetty mentions:
  @MissBeckalas: 1 times
lachatnoir mentions:
  @banerji1: 1 times
  @Draxa: 1 times
  @CynthiaBuroughs: 1 times
  @sarahbellafina: 1 times
  @RevvsF1: 1 times
  @feline9: 1 times
  @AndrewDearling: 1 times
barneyausten mentions:
  @nialldevitt: 1 times
  @MiriamAhern: 1 times
shultzie mentions:
  @hhmtomcity: 1 times
  @ashility: 1 times
  @drumzonly: 1 times
  @TajMahal07: 1 times
  @FrankBecker: 1 times
lifestyleonline mentions:
  @LaughterAndJoy: 1 times
  @LifestyleOnline: 1 times
liannefarbes mentions:
  @VivaLaLauren: 1 times
  @vanewpc: 1 times
  @RookwoodWardrob: 1 times
  @BlackNerdGirls: 1 times
  @ThisThatBeauty: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @UniqueLynique: 1 times
  @houstonmacbro: 1 times
valerie2u mentions:
  @LovelyLu: 1 times
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @dellakay: 1 times
  @Treesbug: 1 times
  @DediKatedVA: 1 times
emjaystar mentions:
  @justads: 1 times
  @ErinSchmidt: 1 times
  @michaelmcneill: 1 times
  @MoocherGirl: 1 times
  @iWade: 1 times
  @MsShoegal: 1 times
  @Lollipopins: 1 times
  @appletartlet: 1 times
freed2travel mentions:
  @bobhallam: 1 times
  @DrRus: 1 times
esmaaself mentions:
pastorchaney mentions:
  @davidmcrae: 2 times
  @EwanRobb: 1 times
  @PastorChaney: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @linkexchangers: 1 times
  @deafbigbird: 1 times
  @goldenwestgifts: 1 times
jamesbrittonjr mentions:
  @mlane: 1 times
  @darylswsagree: 1 times
robertgirandola mentions:
  @Faitaccompli: 1 times
  @JMMcCoy: 1 times
  @Dahlhalla: 1 times
  @LMH381: 1 times
  @mortimas: 1 times
  @dcjc: 1 times
  @imrananwar: 1 times
  @juliarygaard: 1 times
sandipsen mentions:
  @LindaMBHughes: 1 times
  @careerengineer: 1 times
  @SoulSanctuary: 1 times
  @HaizeRava: 1 times
  @planetshark: 1 times
  @ourinfo: 1 times
2010_vision mentions:
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @anitamoncrief: 1 times
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @twinelm: 1 times
  @Jeffersoniad: 1 times
  @OrinocoPat: 1 times
  @hostagehoosier: 1 times
  @officialACLJ: 1 times
totc mentions:
cndboy mentions:
kevinbesecker mentions:
  @SteveBesecker: 1 times
bahrainnews mentions:
  @HusseinNasser: 1 times
hiphopnonstoptv mentions:
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @fcruz420: 1 times
  @cosmocreative: 1 times
  @awebbiz: 1 times
  @rickwdavies: 1 times
  @londonsearch: 1 times
  @mnmissy: 1 times
  @crazymoneylady: 1 times
  @mrtrev: 1 times
rwohlner mentions:
  @heisberger: 1 times
bchamlee mentions:
  @keysoffaith: 1 times
  @joshuabiggar: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @RandyHogue: 1 times
  @kristenkinsler: 1 times
chatnchoons mentions:
  @purrfectionx1: 1 times
  @georgieboo: 1 times
  @valebrity: 1 times
  @ndubaly: 1 times
  @thisisdavina: 1 times
  @thekeithchegwin: 1 times
jstan mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
profbrendi mentions:
  @Donatoortega: 1 times
  @IndusLogic: 1 times
  @SherryCarter: 1 times
  @SU2C: 1 times
  @lisaloeb4real: 1 times
  @TonyHayes: 1 times
  @UltimateEmploye: 1 times
  @twittonary: 1 times
  @ricarde88: 1 times
  @ArtTee: 1 times
drmeowmix mentions:
gmoney52 mentions:
  @tayhinson: 1 times
  @JuliaChicken: 1 times
  @VeronicaaFTW: 1 times
  @MaryRachBailey: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @priyatwitr: 1 times
kinneret mentions:
  @dani3boyz: 1 times
  @7thwoman: 1 times
  @alour: 1 times
  @AllHabs: 1 times
  @tepherguy: 1 times
  @Forechecker: 1 times
  @sarahconnors: 1 times
ladydivine7 mentions:
  @dbroos: 2 times
  @joyousfoxIconlock: 1 times
  @Frenz4Life: 1 times
  @douglasi: 1 times
  @Druw: 1 times
  @DrjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @dvineexpression: 1 times
teebiebrown mentions:
  @vieirasboots: 1 times
  @cockneycomic: 1 times
  @ElwoodGooner: 1 times
  @spiki67: 1 times
  @ArsenalSarah: 1 times
  @shegunner: 1 times
  @ozgooner: 1 times
  @whiteOx: 1 times
holladayisla mentions:
  @gmalone: 1 times
  @jayrock: 1 times
  @nipseyhussle: 1 times
chorazin mentions:
  @JazzMX5: 1 times
  @GeeksOUS: 1 times
  @someothercastle: 1 times
  @Improbable42: 1 times
  @etdragon: 1 times
  @Chorazin: 1 times
  @Karf0: 1 times
  @Digitalistic: 1 times
  @jdarksun: 1 times
mbert369 mentions:
  @MikeSamuels68: 1 times
  @NigelMorgan: 1 times
  @DianeMorgan00: 1 times
therichbrooks mentions:
  @alannye: 1 times
awakentotruth mentions:
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @roverradar: 1 times
  @stevesjc: 1 times
  @jatheotonio: 1 times
  @cvray: 1 times
  @ginthegin: 1 times
  @wbc453: 1 times
  @NataliePage: 1 times
  @5280grl: 1 times
blogibiza mentions:
  @whiteibiza: 1 times
  @kurrukurruCari: 1 times
  @seoibiza: 1 times
  @kurrukurru: 1 times
  @kosso: 1 times
kstpete mentions:
aballstudio mentions:
  @lindseymanfredi: 1 times
  @coxymoney: 1 times
  @sssemester: 1 times
  @nancymyrland: 1 times
  @amystark: 1 times
  @shawnieqr: 1 times
  @roundpeg: 1 times
pablocapeccine mentions:
  @PaulaBoneka: 1 times
wendyjacob mentions:
  @BillBoorman: 1 times
  @worthingcrocman: 1 times
p0tus mentions:
  @greenrealtorMD: 1 times
  @redsoxliz1980: 1 times
gelbeunterhosen mentions:
mmarquit mentions:
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
andreajoycohen mentions:
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @EdotA: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @Debalina: 1 times
  @DebHalonen: 1 times
  @andreajoycohen: 1 times
slakker9 mentions:
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
heidi_caswell mentions:
  @MKAngela: 1 times
  @HeidiCaswell: 1 times
welshstew mentions:
  @mlane: 1 times
  @darylsws: 1 times
donwood mentions:
  @CBCebulski: 1 times
neelaa mentions:
  @twitbop: 1 times
  @gossipverse: 1 times
  @mrshoppedance: 1 times
  @zelebbb: 1 times
bleachercritter mentions:
cavm mentions:
  @FloridaOrchids: 1 times
tekbeats mentions:
  @jenatpchelps: 1 times
directassist mentions:
  @MJamme: 1 times
  @StevenHealey: 1 times
urbanjibaro mentions:
  @lucymfel: 1 times
  @prsun: 1 times
  @efrainortiz: 1 times
ksenija mentions:
  @DaveBenjamin: 1 times
  @Voicesofdetroit: 1 times
cobaltcow mentions:
  @tonfue: 15 times
sectorprivate mentions:
  @PrivacyProf: 1 times
  @clarinette02: 1 times
  @mediatwit: 1 times
chris_kaufmann mentions:
  @pahrmama: 1 times
  @AStagge: 1 times
  @Healthde: 1 times
  @rkrampe: 1 times
  @segelschule: 1 times
natureboy2323 mentions:
  @EARom: 1 times
  @LIFE: 1 times
  @SPORTmagazine: 1 times
  @DerekFisher: 1 times
  @Rickafox: 1 times
  @dawnstaley: 1 times
  @PWTorch: 1 times
  @NHL10: 1 times
  @GreenyAndGolic: 1 times
phoenixtaichou mentions:
  @willtompsett: 1 times
  @kevcecil: 1 times
  @davidschneider: 1 times
  @serafinowicz: 1 times
  @SaliWho: 1 times
  @sohmer: 1 times
  @Glinner: 1 times
bestgreenblogs mentions:
  @greengardenchic: 1 times
  @NaturaWorld: 1 times
  @crusteatreal: 1 times
  @jollygreengirl: 1 times
  @greenenergynews: 1 times
  @greendreamin: 1 times
hilsofhove mentions:
  @MonkeysBrother: 1 times
  @NellieDog: 1 times
sergiogil mentions:
  @museoreinasofia: 1 times
tfsme mentions:
  @ncfcog: 1 times
1twistedmind mentions:
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @emceet: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @LostMarilyn: 1 times
  @SquareJaw: 1 times
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @RonEarl: 1 times
shamekko mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @: 11 times
hashemz mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @Cookiegirlandi: 1 times
  @sandraatWT: 1 times
  @KristinaThorpe: 1 times
  @ricky709: 1 times
  @parisyaw007: 1 times
  @rjcards05: 1 times
  @justmario: 1 times
  @thegirlsreport: 1 times
rockinrandall mentions:
  @BobPratt: 1 times
  @fatherfreedom: 1 times
  @rockinrandall: 1 times
  @oblahblahma: 1 times
  @HULAgate: 1 times
  @Palinspired: 1 times
amirk25 mentions:
  @TomPlant: 1 times
  @susieblackmon: 1 times
vicstar mentions:
  @KooikerExpress: 1 times
  @Vicstar: 1 times
alexhens mentions:
  @WendyJacob: 1 times
  @worthingcrocman: 1 times
blazer9903 mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
joemercury mentions:
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
  @TheRedDianthus: 1 times
  @Gonendunit: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @BiasedGirl: 1 times
  @melissatweets: 1 times
  @dirtymartinigirl: 1 times
  @katyinindy: 1 times
  @whotnaught: 1 times
andrew_mogford mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @teenagecancer: 1 times
terrimcculloch mentions:
  @DiscoverU: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
davebenjamin mentions:
  @ksenija: 1 times
greenteagirl mentions:
  @strongsarah: 1 times
  @danielhautjobb: 1 times
mortgageva mentions:
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
thebigshmoog mentions:
  @radioglenn: 1 times
  @JonJustice: 1 times
  @1041thetruth: 1 times
  @purist1: 1 times
  @AzCD8: 1 times
rocklandusa mentions:
  @teon: 1 times
  @darkhorseuk: 1 times
  @mackash: 1 times
  @keeper85: 1 times
wordofmouthatl mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
dcolter mentions:
  @LauraArtist: 1 times
  @Winsorandnewt: 1 times
  @animallounge: 1 times
  @CherFineArt: 1 times
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
  @dcolter: 1 times
lisamaret mentions:
  @Patriot223: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @XtrEmRightOkDHS: 1 times
  @JohnSWright49: 1 times
  @emmeffemm: 1 times
  @yourmilitary: 1 times
  @SwiftEconomics: 1 times
calashock mentions:
  @Kahanka: 1 times
butterflyy2000 mentions:
  @gemmab45: 1 times
doodlehaus mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
knightrid mentions:
ronbetta mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @fitbet: 1 times
  @breakthrumuse: 1 times
  @Leadtoday: 1 times
  @getadvisors: 1 times
  @sellingwoman: 1 times
  @sandyharper: 1 times
  @bethlayne: 1 times
jaineen mentions:
  @AbayKamau: 1 times
  @Jaineen: 1 times
  @FarmsteadLady: 1 times
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
  @taralassiter: 1 times
  @sweetadobo: 1 times
  @iamnatassja: 1 times
candacederickx mentions:
  @lauriestj: 1 times
  @LaurieStJ: 1 times
  @CandaceDerickx: 1 times
2woofers mentions:
  @2woofers: 1 times
  @pinkperf: 1 times
  @EatingInSJersey: 1 times
  @bayvendor: 1 times
  @MadisonCreek: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
whatwhywho mentions:
  @Cisklager: 1 times
  @jamiesterling: 1 times
  @KarenWallerIns: 1 times
  @hvezda: 1 times
  @stevenshivas: 1 times
  @brightondoll: 1 times
  @STiGrant: 1 times
  @darciec: 1 times
  @KirstySMac: 1 times
ben_woodward mentions:
  @crackclan: 1 times
  @JoeMiller: 1 times
  @CorinCole: 1 times
  @Bidyyy: 1 times
  @geekboys: 1 times
  @lukecotton: 1 times
bbcwalesmusic mentions:
  @jan1121: 1 times
  @cymruangel: 1 times
procopy mentions:
  @farwyde: 1 times
  @richardspeaks: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @tumult168: 1 times
  @bjenna: 1 times
  @KKDur: 1 times
  @GeorgeAPeterson: 1 times
  @getoutdoors: 1 times
  @TheBetterSexDoc: 1 times
numebudi mentions:
  @migrationology: 1 times
ronisweigh mentions:
  @benjamteal: 1 times
  @mizfitonline: 1 times
  @ronisweigh: 1 times
  @skinnyjeans: 1 times
totallytheatre mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @totallytheatre: 1 times
serenejourney mentions:
  @ianpeatey: 1 times
  @FairyBlogMother: 1 times
  @SereneBalance: 1 times
  @happylotus: 1 times
  @DavidDCain: 1 times
  @Porsidan: 1 times
  @AContentLife: 1 times
nlper123 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ukdangermouse mentions:
  @BishopandDouch: 1 times
  @ratbanjos: 1 times
  @ConspiracyRecords: 1 times
  @FunnyorDieUK: 1 times
  @fragglerockers5: 1 times
aaahmanda mentions:
  @clarencethomas: 1 times
kadekmedien mentions:
  @weselpower: 1 times
loubaby290 mentions:
  @PaddyMcGuine55: 1 times
myoneandlonely mentions:
  @gretamorgan: 1 times
  @itspingkan: 1 times
anaccosta mentions:
  @cinedeplantao: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
  @arturborges: 1 times
  @variasvariaveis: 1 times
  @gutaobr: 1 times
  @monallyssa: 1 times
  @albergoni: 1 times
  @bhanle: 1 times
  @joviano: 1 times
  @gabrielarolim: 1 times
grzman mentions:
  @mdwillbefamous: 1 times
  @rockon365: 1 times
  @CaroleMyers: 1 times
  @GRZMAN: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
willfrancis mentions:
  @socialdivo: 1 times
  @willfrancis: 1 times
dogsandcats mentions:
  @MysticDaCat: 1 times
  @guineaspiggus: 1 times
  @skincowdotcom: 1 times
  @kisluvkis: 1 times
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
  @PetAgree: 1 times
southernmax mentions:
  @info4every1: 1 times
cl0wnzee mentions:
  @LloydHanebury: 1 times
michaelbathurst mentions:
  @dianaejennings: 1 times
  @headchangesrus: 1 times
  @Top10Causes: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @TwitHug: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
dianehoeptner mentions:
  @dcolter: 1 times
koalachris mentions:
  @TerryFree: 1 times
  @TipperaryTed: 1 times
  @MisterNoodle: 1 times
  @macaroniandglue: 1 times
  @Jayme1988: 1 times
moonalice mentions:
  @quietrevolution: 1 times
  @bandize: 1 times
  @unanything: 1 times
  @slainson: 1 times
  @chrisblake: 1 times
  @ThaddeusClark: 1 times
  @artistshouse: 1 times
  @NxEW: 1 times
  @CBCRadio3: 1 times
  @Pampelmoose: 1 times
fruforklarbar mentions:
  @uffestenstrop: 1 times
  @henrikblunck: 1 times
keatingciara mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
  @WordofMouthAtl: 1 times
stuart_crowder mentions:
petervanveen mentions:
  @RonDeJoode: 1 times
hartym mentions:
  @EasyMouse: 1 times
  @LaFermeDuWeb: 1 times
  @vjousse: 1 times
  @j0k: 1 times
  @laurentLC: 1 times
  @fabpot: 1 times
  @hartym: 1 times
  @pborreli: 1 times
  @jwage: 1 times
jereminate mentions:
  @aaahmanda: 1 times
  @clarencethomas: 1 times
timturnbull mentions:
  @buycruises: 1 times
_esquiva mentions:
  @magsplace: 1 times
  @CorruptedAngel: 1 times
  @shandreen: 1 times
  @TessMorris: 1 times
  @Lynnesse: 1 times
  @WahooPooh: 1 times
murrownyc mentions:
  @620wtmj: 1 times
  @abcnewsradio: 1 times
  @AngenetteWFRV: 1 times
  @BobPriddy: 1 times
  @cbslocal: 1 times
  @CBSRadioNews: 1 times
  @CellJournalist: 1 times
  @ChipMahaney: 1 times
buycruises mentions:
  @HappyHotelier: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @WouterBlok: 1 times
  @harmeijer: 1 times
  @titravel: 1 times
  @TiaraHotels: 1 times
  @buycruises: 1 times
riotoussideburn mentions:
  @DiggsWayne: 1 times
fortune_en mentions:
  @andreaolivato: 1 times
  @hashlinux: 1 times
  @donmarkweb: 1 times
gaven_morren mentions:
  @bywjhoward: 1 times
  @hudsonweb: 1 times
  @TheCourierNovel: 1 times
  @Sockington: 1 times
  @thexmedic: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @brianrathbone: 1 times
  @Thaumatrope: 1 times
  @FantasyBook: 1 times
gay_torso mentions:
  @Airrun: 1 times
  @Naoij: 1 times
  @bad69twin: 1 times
  @zawfi: 1 times
  @PaulCoimbra: 1 times
mikefixs mentions:
  @khkremer: 1 times
  @LisaMCGordon: 1 times
  @susanbeebe: 1 times
  @katnagel: 1 times
  @SkeeterHarris: 1 times
  @julik: 1 times
jeffandkeith mentions:
  @btexperiment: 1 times
rackerhacker mentions:
  @andreacampos01: 1 times
briancray mentions:
jimdeli mentions:
  @photobuyer: 1 times
  @digitalps: 1 times
  @coolpics: 1 times
  @PSIstudio: 1 times
  @amazingpics: 1 times
simplyme777 mentions:
  @IDCEE: 1 times
  @lithfin: 1 times
  @NikolayS: 1 times
  @ainokaze: 1 times
  @dennydov: 1 times
ozanichkovsky mentions:
  @XXXenia: 1 times
  @Dmitryvi: 1 times
bobbintalk mentions:
  @BobbinBombshell: 1 times
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @agapanthanyc: 1 times
  @pinupcosmetics: 1 times
  @bobbintalk: 1 times
  @collectiblecach: 1 times
  @jenscloset: 1 times
runkerrierun mentions:
  @punkrockrunner: 1 times
  @atrunsi: 1 times
  @zatoad: 1 times
  @runlikemonkey: 1 times
  @britishbulldog: 1 times
domness mentions:
  @irvtheswirv: 1 times
bethankjones mentions:
  @RobAroundBooks: 1 times
thatkkbitch mentions:
  @TommyTadeo: 1 times
  @bigwormy: 1 times
  @JohnnyZito: 1 times
  @tonytrov: 1 times
  @proBRUCEr: 1 times
  @NOH8Campaign: 1 times
  @xryanrussellx: 1 times
  @StevenSmithsays: 1 times
kbonded mentions:
  @stanjonesmusic: 1 times
jasonflom mentions:
  @Stipling: 1 times
  @kdwashburn: 1 times
lobeliastorm mentions:
spiragirl mentions:
  @NickiCawood: 1 times
der_terrorist mentions:
  @esgravatar: 1 times
  @derterrorist: 1 times
ikoikoband mentions:
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @ionpalmettobay: 1 times
  @eugeneflinn: 1 times
  @deerwhisperer1: 1 times
  @ikoikoband: 1 times
  @merredith: 1 times
  @ellyn32: 1 times
dirty_moe mentions:
  @PrinceNYC: 1 times
  @Jenerette: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @vja4041: 1 times
  @CamCamDadIAm: 1 times
  @davidevertsen: 1 times
  @lilysgranny: 1 times
daveandthomas mentions:
  @AskMencom: 1 times
  @suzytrotta: 1 times
  @jenmcclurg: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @santasdevil: 1 times
  @DoucheLarue: 1 times
  @dkirkward: 1 times
  @Genosworld: 1 times
cullenpixie mentions:
  @EsmeCullen26: 1 times
  @DrGrandpaCullen: 1 times
steaknightmag mentions:
  @LilMissOpinion: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
  @AdrianneCurry: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @paranormalTV: 1 times
  @TheBigHeavy: 1 times
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
jarrall mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
javierchua mentions:
  @0lli: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @bernarde: 1 times
  @barrywilliams44: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @darylsws: 1 times
  @NeedMoneyTips: 1 times
  @thomasjhardy: 1 times
  @JavierChua: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
fashiongrail mentions:
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @mockoff: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
biasedgirl mentions:
  @BrianINC: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @jenfidel: 1 times
  @divadoll123: 1 times
  @stix1972: 1 times
  @gopsaver: 1 times
  @RepublicanGirl: 1 times
  @brooksbayne: 1 times
  @crazycatkid: 1 times
ronreddog mentions:
  @StevenBayShore: 1 times
  @stillsmoking: 1 times
  @talesin: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @themidkiff: 1 times
  @truckerchic: 1 times
  @wackbag: 1 times
  @WestrnEcho: 1 times
  @windscar: 1 times
gerhard_kaiser mentions:
  @kevinkermes: 1 times
  @tctwit: 1 times
  @gerhardkaiser: 1 times
felipemorales mentions:
jafurtado mentions:
  @BordadoIngles@HenriquMonteiro@retorta@francismata: 1 times
  @JMF1957@luacintilante@fjfonseca@eluciapacheco@TeresaCM: 1 times
  @JoaoMendonca: 1 times
regbazile mentions:
  @HarvardBiz: 1 times
loz62 mentions:
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @MissShonah: 1 times
marketmastery mentions:
  @butterflyy2000: 2 times
  @marketmastery: 2 times
  @MarkoManninen: 1 times
  @JoeySmith: 1 times
createdbymom mentions:
  @keepingupwmom: 1 times
  @sweetlifeinthe: 1 times
  @NewspaperGrl: 1 times
  @createdbymom: 1 times
  @fe: 1 times
comusan mentions:
  @Yokoono: 1 times
ksbleadsticker mentions:
  @SimonDYoung: 2 times
  @CarloAtYourServ: 1 times
  @ToriThompson: 1 times
  @BillStrauss: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
babybigmouth mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @bluefirebug: 1 times
  @pcam: 1 times
  @websmith1: 1 times
  @johnsykes1035: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @redrobinrockn: 1 times
  @RobertHay: 1 times
  @aprilhill1: 1 times
leaddawg mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @flowchainsensei: 1 times
  @WonderLaura: 1 times
  @leaddawg: 1 times
  @InvisiMarketing: 1 times
nannyf mentions:
  @ScissorHands2: 1 times
  @scrubby: 1 times
  @sillybeggar: 1 times
  @TheIronChef: 1 times
  @Tophertron: 1 times
  @TUAW: 1 times
jungchanhsieh mentions:
  @TheCodeJunkie: 1 times
  @csharpzealot: 1 times
  @LostInTangent: 1 times
  @mikewat: 1 times
  @RossMistry: 1 times
  @SQLRockstar: 1 times
  @rworth2: 1 times
  @RickStrahl: 1 times
  @SteveAndrews: 1 times
  @PeteBrown: 1 times
mizzvishizz mentions:
  @DJSlikk: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @theklassikz: 1 times
  @tgeisler: 1 times
  @radollashpc: 1 times
  @jabari: 1 times
  @ashessehsa: 1 times
  @mizzvishizz: 1 times
  @djslikk: 1 times
  @sachahaize: 1 times
  @: 1 times
madnilk mentions:
  @TayLyn13: 1 times
  @Zorgod: 1 times
  @vipregan: 1 times
  @yesbutnobutyes: 1 times
  @madnilk: 1 times
  @cymil: 1 times
  @CompAweAG: 1 times
chrisgn mentions:
  @tyrelassie: 1 times
kasey_k9 mentions:
  @104TheX: 1 times
  @DanDay104theX: 1 times
  @Skwirrelicious: 1 times
  @ThankASoldier: 1 times
buzzedition mentions:
  @kismet1990: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @Ustream: 1 times
  @Collectivesoul: 1 times
publicrelations mentions:
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
ginabella mentions:
  @danaPerino: 1 times
  @centerright: 1 times
  @BrianINC: 1 times
  @ColtAbles: 1 times
  @mkellner: 1 times
  @VickyNissen: 1 times
brawngp_fanblog mentions:
  @OfficialBrawnGP: 1 times
  @clubforce: 1 times
  @BMWSauberF1: 1 times
  @TheFifthDriver: 1 times
  @TeamUSF1: 1 times
  @rf1paddockpass: 1 times
akarlin mentions:
  @jowyang: 1 times
  @shwen: 1 times
  @jeffersonb: 1 times
  @tweetpea: 1 times
  @dennisl: 1 times
  @almancio: 1 times
  @linkcrafter: 1 times
  @jdfreivald: 1 times
joy_cobb mentions:
  @madconservative: 1 times
  @cajunlady0: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @VictoriaLWatson: 1 times
susanejacobsen mentions:
  @gaillamarche: 1 times
  @jeffmello: 1 times
  @soxanddawgs: 1 times
  @KimRossi: 1 times
  @CenterField: 1 times
  @SusanEJacobsen: 1 times
arturborges mentions:
  @Ogajo: 1 times
  @renatotavares: 1 times
  @frannncine: 1 times
  @jaumgodoy: 1 times
  @Raquelborges: 1 times
  @anaccosta: 1 times
chicmom mentions:
  @DVBL: 1 times
  @fashiongrail: 1 times
brandyandice mentions:
  @gemgemz7: 1 times
  @nicolalalalala: 1 times
  @dublinblondie: 1 times
ksscooby mentions:
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @GreeGreece: 1 times
  @Chrissyisms: 1 times
  @jameslaker: 1 times
  @bobwcaincom: 1 times
  @reiver: 1 times
  @howard74: 1 times
  @thesournurse: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
eeus mentions:
  @russelltripp: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
netfall mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
thatwoman_soho mentions:
  @backseatgaffer: 1 times
  @jonkurozawa: 1 times
  @emrichards: 1 times
  @lisamanna: 1 times
  @maceosmama: 1 times
  @blatzliquor: 1 times
  @streetzapizza: 1 times
  @melissasherman: 1 times
ahbleza mentions:
  @LouFCD: 1 times
feelslikehome mentions:
  @typeamom: 1 times
  @AngelaAtHP: 1 times
tommymclaughlin mentions:
  @PaulaBrett: 1 times
  @kchoppin: 1 times
  @BillHarper: 1 times
  @TommyMcLaughlin: 1 times
  @djsamhouse: 1 times
  @stockbabe: 1 times
  @ExpertsSecrets: 1 times
  @JohnThornhill: 1 times
  @DaveNicholson: 1 times
felicityfuller mentions:
  @SplashMan: 1 times
critsit mentions:
  @aspca: 1 times
  @brewbeagle: 1 times
  @cesarmillan: 1 times
  @LeeChanel: 1 times
  @Foxtrot79: 1 times
  @LostMyDoggie: 1 times
  @petsitusa: 1 times
  @SafeHounds: 1 times
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
sandydfromnj mentions:
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @joblessmuse: 1 times
  @MildlyCreative: 1 times
  @KirstenOlson: 1 times
  @jonathanfields: 1 times
  @kathymagrino: 1 times
  @alicebarry: 1 times
bigdavesb mentions:
  @seaneeboy: 1 times
planetmitch mentions:
  @laurabergerol: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
dogcastradio mentions:
  @MiloLabradoodle: 1 times
laramedeiros mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
generationagile mentions:
  @Aryane: 1 times
  @StephaneGuerin: 1 times
  @lucvaillancour: 1 times
  @AxonPost: 1 times
  @cindyrivard: 1 times
  @NicolasRoberge: 1 times
  @RooSoft: 1 times
  @generationAgile: 1 times
rebeccasullivan mentions:
  @JohnWBZ: 1 times
  @rdsahl: 1 times
cr8tivecandy mentions:
  @mercerch: 1 times
iamsharpe mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @AmeriKeith: 1 times
  @ksquared3: 1 times
  @alexakim: 1 times
  @iamsharpe: 1 times
  @GenPatBlog: 1 times
  @nihonmama: 1 times
  @sbrondum: 1 times
  @estevancarlos: 1 times
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @twinelm: 1 times
lisalotzer mentions:
  @RHHR: 2 times
  @pdxmikek: 1 times
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
  @VictorioM: 1 times
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @beneubanks: 1 times
  @BillVick: 1 times
  @NoraBurns: 1 times
michele_menard mentions:
  @TheEngTeacher: 1 times
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
djamazing mentions:
  @DJSlikk: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @theklassikz: 1 times
  @iamrah: 1 times
  @tgeisler: 1 times
  @radollashpc: 1 times
  @jabari: 1 times
  @ashessehsa: 1 times
  @djslikk: 1 times
  @tmill205: 1 times
  @sachahaize: 1 times
bumpushound mentions:
  @emajik: 1 times
_mikekennedy mentions:
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @seuribeiro: 1 times
  @allaboutcartalk: 1 times
  @Buchautor: 1 times
  @LeeAnnPrice: 1 times
  @dushmis: 1 times
  @MikeKennedy: 1 times
  @dmych: 1 times
digitalpaint mentions:
  @KarenSperling: 1 times
  @jackiejartFollowFriday: 1 times
  @abstanfield: 1 times
  @karensperling: 1 times
  @digitalpaint: 1 times
  @lisacall: 1 times
  @cath4art: 1 times
  @lizamyers: 1 times
sallywitzky mentions:
  @BootstrapBook: 1 times
  @JayGrady: 1 times
  @CrownMarkBakery: 1 times
sparkal mentions:
  @ham1865RT: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @onchee1970: 1 times
  @Sparkal: 1 times
  @FlubTinsdale: 1 times
  @UrbanGirlYoga: 1 times
  @katjrobertson: 1 times
  @ham1865: 1 times
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
checkypantz mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
shutterbuggeek mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
blokeslib mentions:
  @badwebsites: 1 times
  @BlokesLib: 2 times
rock_johnson mentions:
  @TheBobBlog: 1 times
orianned mentions:
  @melissakeyes: 1 times
  @IndieNorth: 1 times
  @healdsburg: 1 times
  @nsparapani: 1 times
  @Myth60: 1 times
  @pixierosedesign: 1 times
  @turquoisefish: 1 times
cdebie mentions:
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
clementyeung mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
triciadycka mentions:
  @jpatrick23: 1 times
  @WendyGYoung: 1 times
shannongraham1 mentions:
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @cobcottage: 1 times
  @ConnectionForce: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
vivalasara mentions:
  @postsecret: 1 times
rharbridge mentions:
  @SPSToronto: 1 times
  @tsongvilay1: 1 times
  @WonderLaura: 1 times
  @SharePointBuzz: 1 times
  @jthake: 1 times
  @josephfung: 1 times
adrienne_daniel mentions:
  @HeatFan: 1 times
  @itsdarryldsmith: 1 times
  @JackThaCat: 1 times
  @Schwarzenegger: 1 times
  @sircle72: 1 times
  @TheBatty: 1 times
  @Tylamar: 1 times
  @SimonGreyhound: 1 times
boomel mentions:
  @datadirt: 1 times
  @ThomasFleck: 1 times
  @thomaskhom: 1 times
  @myxococcus: 1 times
  @webbloke: 1 times
  @U9TA: 1 times
  @insideX: 1 times
  @bowas: 1 times
  @frigitte: 1 times
  @dominicheinzl: 1 times
gerdaduring mentions:
  @barrie: 1 times
  @GerdaDuring: 1 times
talkdoc2 mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @timhurson: 1 times
  @MarkOOakes: 1 times
  @TalkDoc2: 1 times
talkradiojoe mentions:
  @Astro127: 1 times
bobvl mentions:
  @JoostvG: 1 times
evilbladeuk mentions:
  @PaulHarriott: 1 times
  @BerryTastic: 1 times
  @designbyreese: 1 times
  @gregmcmillan: 1 times
  @ashrawson: 1 times
  @timp103: 1 times
marcyberg mentions:
  @SophiaAa: 1 times
  @badbanana: 1 times
momspective mentions:
  @janetbeckers: 2 times
  @amandarobinsFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Momspective: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
lizziep03 mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
footdr69 mentions:
  @Ldybug1970: 1 times
  @TMLover: 1 times
mitchm mentions:
  @Iconic88: 1 times
dwbjr69 mentions:
  @DWBJR69: 1 times
  @darnellwright: 1 times
  @brandehhh: 1 times
  @girlypimp: 1 times
  @sexysapphire: 1 times
  @asexynyfemale: 1 times
joelbaileyuk mentions:
  @SBA1: 1 times
  @envirowise: 1 times
chompa mentions:
  @theladyisugly: 1 times
boomerous mentions:
  @KateNasser: 1 times
  @DanielPink: 1 times
jermainecraig mentions:
  @HarliQDuh: 1 times
  @mastershortie: 1 times
  @FashionLIFE: 1 times
  @JermaineCraig: 1 times
  @WarrenJMusiq: 1 times
  @Ahmier: 1 times
fincky mentions:
  @officialitm: 1 times
bryzee86 mentions:
  @PinkSide: 1 times
  @RODDYBOTTUM: 1 times
  @MRGOULD: 1 times
sydharew mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
ybmthareal1 mentions:
  @nview: 1 times
  @LukeDiMarco: 1 times
  @JustPlayDolls: 1 times
  @OhBelleville: 1 times
  @marcyberg: 1 times
  @GokuTRG: 1 times
  @KatasaurusRex: 1 times
  @SumKindaWndrful: 1 times
  @warkworthjohn: 1 times
  @djkut: 1 times
kbedalov mentions:
  @SingingPigFood: 1 times
geeee mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
icametumbling mentions:
  @Azlen: 1 times
  @bumpster39: 1 times
lbjsbrownbag mentions:
  @MyCaribbeanFood: 1 times
  @MsGourmet: 1 times
  @kieranmurphy: 1 times
  @MsMarmitelover: 1 times
  @LBJsBrownBag: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @goodLifeEats: 1 times
hostageek mentions:
  @betweenthelimes: 1 times
  @punkrockgardens: 1 times
  @teachlib: 1 times
  @CountryGardener: 1 times
  @cityslipper: 1 times
  @katesmudges: 1 times
  @bronenkant: 1 times
  @Arkie: 1 times
  @MyRubberBoots: 1 times
maryepworth mentions:
  @lisadevaney: 1 times
printedproof mentions:
  @123Print: 1 times
longshot1985 mentions:
  @princessbutterc: 1 times
  @Benniboy22: 2 times
  @atwallace: 1 times
  @WhiteyDirtBoy: 1 times
  @bustyrockets: 1 times
  @snedwan: 1 times
  @janeybelle15: 1 times
  @pd1001: 1 times
eric_chambers mentions:
  @pdurham: 1 times
petercsykesifas mentions:
  @4Walls: 1 times
  @forlandlords: 1 times
  @TessaShepperson: 1 times
georgieboo mentions:
  @tashaminx: 1 times
  @georgieboo: 1 times
lizarddawg mentions:
  @vannschaffner: 1 times
  @DesignMuseum: 1 times
  @TeaPartyProtest: 1 times
  @BATCOT: 1 times
  @JBerry47: 1 times
johnfurst mentions:
  @ducttape: 1 times
mumbleguy mentions:
  @Regizzle: 1 times
shavemistress mentions:
  @TheWeekMagazine: 1 times
  @jamespyles: 1 times
  @rmendez1: 1 times
  @kimabramson: 1 times
  @pinkpackrat: 1 times
  @chelliemo: 1 times
  @eforsaith: 1 times
  @amalari: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @tapdraw: 1 times
u2tourfans mentions:
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @MikeMcGill: 1 times
  @estherbraden: 1 times
  @glenngarnes: 1 times
  @SellingGenius: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @imperfeito: 1 times
  @passaporaqui: 1 times
  @amg22: 1 times
cehwiedel mentions:
  @tjkeenan: 1 times
helpmerick mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
rsonline mentions:
  @JoelOsborne: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @harrisfellman: 1 times
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @rsonline: 1 times
  @RicRaftis: 1 times
  @JimBerry: 1 times
  @Bobdo: 1 times
  @BrendaFranzo: 1 times
antkins mentions:
  @MarkBatterson: 1 times
tedguyver mentions:
  @elland666: 1 times
  @punky07: 1 times
  @lisastarlynn: 1 times
  @MetalRocks: 1 times
  @tedguyver: 1 times
  @holyshadow: 1 times
  @ChrisandCalmy: 1 times
dorisjeanette mentions:
  @wildelycreative: 1 times
  @DorisJeanette: 1 times
happyloveschuck mentions:
  @GeneralBeckman: 1 times
amalaya mentions:
  @tap29RT: 1 times
  @coreyskort: 2 times
  @howard74: 1 times
  @essjam: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @Amalaya: 1 times
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
  @libertysarmy3: 1 times
  @Chloebeetle: 1 times
medic_ray mentions:
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @JormaKaukonen: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @gembliss: 1 times
  @HammertimeTV: 1 times
  @TheDivinePrince: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @LORISD: 1 times
  @daquess: 1 times
  @DAK04: 1 times
  @window: 1 times
victorgischler mentions:
  @PulpTone: 1 times
  @EmersonLaSalle: 1 times
peanutgnome mentions:
  @RLPShelterFdn: 1 times
  @zoomjer: 1 times
maverick18 mentions:
  @JonathanGunson: 1 times
aheartforgod mentions:
saurabhambry mentions:
  @udaibir: 1 times
  @smritisharma: 1 times
  @purplelyna: 1 times
  @johnmayer: 1 times
  @adese: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @shashitharoor: 1 times
ice2k9 mentions:
  @realzman: 1 times
  @ice2k9: 1 times
torie007 mentions:
  @drpants: 1 times
gcn1 mentions:
  @shelflife: 1 times
  @hoteleden: 1 times
  @ruralalberta: 1 times
  @yveskleinblue: 1 times
  @thetrews: 1 times
maireh mentions:
  @ClaireBoyles: 1 times
  @darraghdoyle: 1 times
gerisomething mentions:
  @badbanana: 1 times
  @hotdogsladies: 1 times
  @CraigTeich: 1 times
  @jinky67: 1 times
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @liesforliars: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @NewarkNow: 1 times
saragthatsme mentions:
  @CostaVidaFred: 1 times
lilmomthatcould mentions:
  @manicmother: 1 times
coxymoney mentions:
  @brandond: 1 times
michaelrueter mentions:
  @asaipa: 1 times
  @ffnJens: 1 times
  @Herkner: 1 times
  @JensZellmer: 1 times
  @olga88: 1 times
  @tanjasagasser: 1 times
  @TL213: 1 times
  @TimHL: 1 times
  @AngieDor: 1 times
  @JusosGoslar: 1 times
  @erikamannmep: 1 times
stew68 mentions:
  @dolcedebbie: 1 times
  @SRowl: 2 times
tristanelosegui mentions:
  @xbermudez: 1 times
  @RobertoCarreras: 1 times
teaguem2005 mentions:
  @blackarazzi: 1 times
  @cakewrecks: 1 times
  @DeRayDavis: 1 times
  @GlobalGrind: 2 times
  @hollywoodNvine: 1 times
  @PrincessMarie82: 1 times
redheadeddiva mentions:
  @JAJMiami: 1 times
  @PiPnEstella: 1 times
  @jinxedream07: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @Regizzle: 1 times
  @redheadeddiva: 1 times
  @christypolek: 1 times
  @TWIGGYCAT: 1 times
  @justdanella: 1 times
sheilahamilton mentions:
  @Portlandist: 1 times
  @PDXPipeline: 1 times
  @MercantilePdx: 1 times
  @LeannWarren: 1 times
  @kinkfm: 1 times
  @forklfly: 1 times
  @avalonlanding: 1 times
  @SheilaHamilton: 1 times
healdsburg mentions:
  @OneCoach: 1 times
  @KindNotes: 1 times
  @healdsburg: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
ruivo mentions:
  @poetIbe: 1 times
  @RachelKrishna: 1 times
  @Pavarini: 1 times
flyingphotog mentions:
  @BethanyinFL: 1 times
  @schneiderk: 1 times
faceoffhckyshow mentions:
  @makeitseven: 1 times
  @ovi8: 1 times
  @donbrashear87: 1 times
  @nhlplayoffs: 1 times
  @sportsguy33: 1 times
  @banginpanger: 1 times
  @dcsportsbog: 1 times
dpillie mentions:
  @im2byteme: 1 times
  @UpInTheHills: 1 times
  @smfritch: 1 times
  @Ritalynman: 1 times
  @independenttom: 1 times
  @GardenSERF: 1 times
  @ChicagoBungalow: 1 times
  @scrosnoe: 1 times
nessab04 mentions:
  @WH1SKS: 1 times
sbjet mentions:
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @imjustagoyle: 1 times
  @Tallgeek: 1 times
  @jobshouts: 1 times
vicksburgnews mentions:
  @StateStPosts: 1 times
  @ecirtap00: 1 times
  @Blanche55: 1 times
  @PinkSugr: 1 times
  @Sealyme: 1 times
  @JJNextGenTV: 1 times
  @DCrais: 1 times
  @TheAshGrove: 1 times
  @leRoystamps: 1 times
  @pinkmotown: 1 times
ashleyboo mentions:
  @backstreetboys: 1 times
  @nicksohiogirl: 1 times
  @TweetyBeth: 1 times
  @SwayShay: 1 times
  @amyb89: 1 times
  @AwesomenessLace: 1 times
  @kinkyadvice: 1 times
  @bazillionaire: 1 times
bobcallahan mentions:
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @fattireale: 1 times
  @KristinKopp: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMaia: 1 times
dezjeff mentions:
  @lesimparfaites: 1 times
angelwardriver mentions:
  @mmaine2008: 1 times
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
  @louiebaur: 1 times
  @orangederange: 1 times
  @alapoet: 1 times
  @campingblogger: 1 times
  @thecarchik: 1 times
  @lyleses07: 1 times
flakacruising mentions:
  @artkids: 1 times
  @NetworkerMarco: 1 times
  @hansterhurne: 1 times
  @woepwoep: 1 times
  @sibren: 1 times
  @richardderwentC: 1 times
desiree01 mentions:
  @TerriLPN: 1 times
  @ScottKesterson: 1 times
  @bouhammer: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @ThankASoldier: 1 times
  @GardenSERF: 1 times
  @usmc81: 1 times
  @aCitizensoldier: 1 times
pal013 mentions:
  @Angelnc: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @AZBlueEyes: 1 times
  @ChefVanda: 1 times
  @DavidBar101: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @lagresto: 1 times
  @Paul0451: 1 times
  @polymerclaygal: 1 times
davidrsheehan mentions:
  @AnthonyDSanders: 1 times
  @Carm823: 1 times
  @shawnpbutler: 1 times
  @jeanettejoy: 1 times
  @briantudor: 1 times
bellamarieuk mentions:
  @Mantis8644: 1 times
  @AFineFrenzy: 1 times
  @BellaMarieUK: 1 times
  @BellaVidaLetty: 1 times
  @BlazonLaurels: 1 times
  @Bran529: 1 times
  @charlief: 1 times
  @DanielleKerr35: 1 times
dtcnunes mentions:
  @mjdrumond: 1 times
thecomicproject mentions:
  @vimoh: 1 times
  @Rmantri: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
  @nikhilnarayanan: 1 times
  @CruciFire: 1 times
modernromantics mentions:
  @Sm0K1ngGnu: 1 times
  @coolibaly: 1 times
velvetescape mentions:
  @MyMelange: 1 times
  @journeywomen: 1 times
  @buycruises: 1 times
  @titravel: 1 times
  @pulpologist: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @awayblog: 1 times
  @grendaexplorer: 1 times
andyamholst mentions:
  @hollygomadly: 1 times
  @PBBMarx: 1 times
  @Gegenstrom: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @gbyat: 1 times
  @CTrossmann: 1 times
jessinchina mentions:
  @lonniehodge: 1 times
  @pdenlinger: 1 times
  @stinson: 1 times
  @riceagain: 1 times
  @betsydrager: 1 times
  @diver2anne: 1 times
  @fionas: 1 times
  @inkophile: 1 times
  @humanaught: 1 times
bodzy85 mentions:
  @lesliesimpson: 1 times
  @ADBarker: 1 times
  @mattwaldram: 1 times
  @filmstalker: 1 times
  @tom7p: 1 times
  @iggynig: 1 times
  @laurapea: 1 times
  @AshFoo: 1 times
  @NoelClarke: 1 times
  @BAHHorror: 1 times
luv4animation mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @BusinessFHTM: 1 times
  @delmonifieth: 1 times
  @deeptrancenow: 1 times
  @Mali107: 1 times
simfin mentions:
  @northerngrid: 1 times
chrisnewell mentions:
  @AgentSam: 1 times
  @ShirleyPorter: 1 times
mscarolina843 mentions:
  @DonaldHardyCRS@MSCAROLINA843@bigdawg10@MA: 1 times
soldiersangels mentions:
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
billbeavers mentions:
  @erockefeller: 1 times
  @Monchak: 1 times
  @MarkoMentor: 1 times
  @BestPrimeTravel: 1 times
  @love2win1: 1 times
  @sentridoh: 1 times
  @FreeRetweet: 1 times
  @KevCowley: 1 times
  @glamaudrey: 1 times
writercarrie mentions:
  @SavoryTV: 1 times
  @debbieharry: 1 times
  @cateomalley: 1 times
  @cucinabella: 1 times
growthsolutions mentions:
  @TweetThisCruise: 1 times
  @brandyellen: 1 times
  @MillionaireMoms: 1 times
  @GrowthSolutions: 1 times
  @klholsinger: 1 times
voiceinmyhead13 mentions:
  @mrkimjones: 1 times
  @baishy: 1 times
  @ermadea: 1 times
  @OlorinLorien: 1 times
  @misssmidge: 1 times
  @angelmurrish: 1 times
  @bubblegumxox: 1 times
  @markbrown83: 1 times
  @NicolaHerbert: 1 times
stefanbsp mentions:
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @stefanbsp: 1 times
  @petervizel: 1 times
  @schackattack: 1 times
  @andreajoycohen: 1 times
  @Jenn1423: 1 times
  @chillami: 1 times
cheapsuits mentions:
  @RealBinLaden: 1 times
angelworks1961 mentions:
  @PBreaze: 1 times
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
justinewalshe mentions:
  @flawnt: 1 times
djcurtis mentions:
  @djplazma: 1 times
  @TOSOL: 1 times
  @FatherWizard: 1 times
  @JenReynolds25: 1 times
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @ToriThompson: 1 times
  @The: 1 times
  @FitMenu: 1 times
  @chillami: 1 times
twosoups mentions:
  @sheshel: 1 times
  @LucyKD: 1 times
  @lucypepper: 1 times
  @Moonflowerchild: 1 times
  @modernartrocks: 1 times
  @GirlInABox: 1 times
  @debsa: 1 times
  @sparkie555: 1 times
  @rachiesparrow: 1 times
steveyweb mentions:
  @YCCAppeal: 1 times
  @dancestudioleed: 1 times
  @jonbedford: 1 times
  @vardra: 1 times
  @clatterbridge: 1 times
  @DiFlatt: 1 times
  @marketlikeachik: 1 times
jeremywright mentions:
  @dhock: 1 times
youhearme mentions:
koolkieran mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @knotby9: 1 times
  @Koolkieran: 1 times
  @korkykathman: 1 times
  @KreuzersKorner: 1 times
  @LaBarceloneta: 1 times
dancegymstudios mentions:
  @littlestninja: 1 times
  @uaf: 1 times
patann10 mentions:
  @DerekFisher: 1 times
brianfaughnan mentions:
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @hotairblog: 1 times
  @seanhackbarth: 1 times
  @philipaklein: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @mattklewis: 1 times
  @JPFreire: 1 times
jasoncrisanti mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
icchris mentions:
  @bfootgrrl: 1 times
  @jakedaniel: 1 times
  @ICWebTeam: 1 times
  @ilektrik: 1 times
  @lauriebaseball: 1 times
  @benjcostello: 1 times
  @johnhwhite: 1 times
  @UsefulTheory: 1 times
steveody mentions:
  @No17Cannes: 1 times
a_finnamore mentions:
  @LuigiBenetton@brettanningson@ElleAndraWarner@hgracestewart@writertrainer: 1 times
squarejaw mentions:
  @Icametumbling: 1 times
af82 mentions:
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
credden mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @lea2hvn: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @DJSpencer19: 1 times
  @credden: 1 times
pressleygirl1 mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @TrentShelton: 1 times
  @YoungFuture: 1 times
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
  @PressleyGirl1: 1 times
  @PrettyBP: 1 times
  @apthemayor: 1 times
  @BLAHSODMG: 1 times
kmullinsk mentions:
  @jacintam: 1 times
ryandrachenberg mentions:
  @LJMoritz: 1 times
  @ToddFalcone: 1 times
  @Vaxenvar: 1 times
  @DianeWalker: 1 times
  @JenniRyan: 1 times
  @LenaBjorna: 1 times
  @BrianTilly: 1 times
  @KrystianKolaczyk: 1 times
  @JonathanBudd: 1 times
  @: 1 times
dailyecho mentions:
  @deanperry: 1 times
  @MegganW: 1 times
msinitfordakill mentions:
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @GertieGamer: 1 times
  @artdeal: 1 times
  @MariBiscuits: 1 times
  @charmwebb: 1 times
  @TJTimeBomb: 1 times
  @posiegirl: 1 times
familystories mentions:
  @familytreewritr: 1 times
tctaxteaparty mentions:
  @SSISBI: 1 times
  @xelavee: 1 times
  @MaryBeth66: 1 times
  @mamasjo: 1 times
  @twinelm: 1 times
  @aprilhill1: 1 times
  @webhummer: 1 times
  @trent4tnr: 1 times
  @crismattoon: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @Pepper10: 1 times
  @DJMagenta: 1 times
navycs mentions:
  @publicrelations: 1 times
  @NYCNavygirl: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
  @usarmy: 1 times
  @bostonmaggie: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
rumithecat mentions:
missmktr mentions:
  @chrismaddox: 1 times
thebaumgroup mentions:
  @havenner: 1 times
  @TheBaumGroup: 1 times
alexparr mentions:
  @pentenscribes: 1 times
amybleser mentions:
  @ShannonCherry: 1 times
  @virtualmarketer: 1 times
owais_iqbal mentions:
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
seniors4living mentions:
  @CaregiverRebate: 1 times
photosil mentions:
  @dabobabo: 1 times
lostdogs10 mentions:
  @211meGuys: 1 times
  @reevefoundation: 1 times
wallstreetgeek mentions:
  @iamdamnsam: 1 times
  @BossJones: 1 times
  @eykaus: 1 times
  @KristalAshely: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @Sarshie: 1 times
  @wolverine63: 1 times
  @wallstreetgeek: 1 times
sarahlar mentions:
jstonecge mentions:
  @LadyTe: 1 times
  @TheMicSmith: 1 times
  @Pat313: 1 times
  @moedirdee: 1 times
  @DjDonQ: 1 times
  @CheronOnAir: 1 times
sushimat mentions:
  @BobWoodruff: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @Remindorg: 1 times
augustagolfgirl mentions:
  @AugustaGolfGirl: 1 times
  @LesleyMorgan: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @JoyHaynes: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
percythepigeon mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
pdncoach mentions:
libbytalks mentions:
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
donshep mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
paulajeans mentions:
  @2woofers: 1 times
  @helenmikemark: 1 times
  @BunnyPrincesse: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @pinkperf: 1 times
  @charmsforyou: 1 times
tangute mentions:
  @Jeanne: 1 times
ricansinsation mentions:
  @ThatDope: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
mrjellybeanz mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
jamiecreates mentions:
  @elainebiss: 2 times
  @jamiecreates: 1 times
  @thekitschbitsch: 1 times
  @mhamiltonart: 1 times
magicalmischief mentions:
  @crazyjohnkereczfollowfriday: 1 times
  @judielise: 1 times
  @judi609: 1 times
  @MMadness: 1 times
  @thesmartmama: 1 times
  @MagicalMischief: 1 times
  @AutismisnotBoss: 1 times
  @BestLight: 1 times
  @LinksforLuv: 1 times
sencera mentions:
  @sencera: 1 times
martin_english mentions:
  @c821311: 1 times
  @grahamrobbo: 1 times
  @jonerp: 1 times
  @ccmehil: 1 times
  @blag: 1 times
reelcompton mentions:
  @matteuddick: 1 times
  @chickenfootjoe: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @reelcompton: 1 times
tennischick38 mentions:
  @gloxpolguard: 1 times
  @tennischick38: 1 times
gamefwd mentions:
  @alanau: 1 times
  @2Ps: 1 times
  @helenabaert: 1 times
  @gamersize: 1 times
  @syangman: 1 times
  @exergamefitness: 1 times
  @activegamer: 1 times
  @darrentorpey: 1 times
  @jimhanekamp: 1 times
bigtrocks mentions:
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @CohoonsWorld: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @workformeonline: 1 times
  @rfmf24x3: 1 times
  @nawlinswoman: 1 times
laurabergerol mentions:
phototakenamy mentions:
  @reimagin: 1 times
  @Phototakenamy: 1 times
  @PuterPrsn: 1 times
  @Art2Shirt: 1 times
  @AlaskaArtist: 1 times
  @HatedNation: 1 times
  @JanaBanana5: 1 times
  @JohnGaltKnows: 1 times
  @PHILLIP: 1 times
lonniehodge mentions:
  @Web2Greg: 2 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
snowleopardess mentions:
  @Fozziedog: 1 times
tripletdad7 mentions:
  @phronc: 1 times
  @welfac: 1 times
  @brentmccoy: 1 times
  @sadknob: 1 times
  @thejameswilson: 1 times
  @tripsdad: 1 times
johnnyzito mentions:
  @mikeyil: 1 times
  @alexanderjbruno: 1 times
  @dscoleri: 1 times
  @mikeyzito: 1 times
  @tonytrov: 1 times
  @delilah88: 1 times
  @destroytheearth: 1 times
  @AdamAtherton: 1 times
weddzilla mentions:
  @SoCalWeddingsFollowfriday: 1 times
  @BrideTide: 1 times
  @weddingsites: 1 times
  @styleunveiled: 1 times
  @WeddingWindow: 1 times
  @cutarts: 1 times
  @Junebugweddings: 1 times
  @itsajaimething: 1 times
  @weddingPR: 1 times
snapplynn mentions:
  @inthenight47: 1 times
rthastar mentions:
  @msgreendarling: 1 times
  @windyhill: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @candita: 1 times
  @amytropolis: 1 times
  @theEcoDiva: 1 times
  @SimplyGoingGrn: 1 times
straubart mentions:
  @loongirl: 1 times
  @Goldyfinch: 1 times
  @Norbridge: 1 times
  @UofMPat: 1 times
  @FamilyStories: 1 times
  @ocdgirl2000: 1 times
  @aneD: 1 times
breezeeny mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
mizrik mentions:
mkatmahoney mentions:
  @StarStrukLynna: 1 times
  @mkatmahoney: 1 times
glorialynnglass mentions:
  @LuvToSparkLe: 1 times
  @greenarchitect: 1 times
  @JewelryTutorial: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @WovenWireJewels: 1 times
  @londicreations: 1 times
1xdead_2xsborn mentions:
  @SwitchingGranny: 1 times
  @hetty4Christ: 1 times
rfage mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
kpwerker mentions:
  @KristinOmdahl: 1 times
tomeglenn mentions:
  @nathanmcintyre: 1 times
amyp1007 mentions:
  @MomTalkRadio: 1 times
  @KimOrlando: 1 times
  @SelfishMom: 1 times
  @katjapresnal: 1 times
  @medarcie: 1 times
  @amysphere: 1 times
showbizstuff mentions:
  @astro127: 1 times
  @moviesontcm: 1 times
  @jediobi1: 1 times
  @marcmaeder: 1 times
  @thespoilergirl: 1 times
  @moegger1530: 1 times
condor888 mentions:
  @melissallb: 1 times
  @condor888: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @CharXime: 1 times
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @junojet: 1 times
  @vesselproject: 1 times
taqee mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
tripsdad mentions:
  @tripletdad7: 1 times
  @phronc: 1 times
  @welfac: 1 times
  @brentmccoy: 1 times
  @sadknob: 1 times
  @thejameswilson: 1 times
marksporter mentions:
bradyrafuse mentions:
  @poohugh: 1 times
  @wossy: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
soffe mentions:
  @STYLEMOM: 1 times
  @soffe: 1 times
lovelylu mentions:
  @Jeterfan: 1 times
atxtraveler mentions:
  @DellVeeam: 1 times
  @gameplanhayden: 1 times
  @dellservergeek: 1 times
  @dennisatdell: 1 times
  @cxi: 1 times
  @allenamericans: 1 times
  @thecrookedtoe: 1 times
smashadv mentions:
barkingdogshoes mentions:
fitmenu mentions:
  @JVTWILLIE: 1 times
  @FitMenu: 1 times
  @MarksHEW: 1 times
luvtosparkle mentions:
  @centerpet: 2 times
  @BarkRadio: 1 times
  @CFAnimalPantry: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
  @thehousedog: 1 times
  @Jass53: 1 times
  @Gooddogz: 1 times
  @FunDogs: 1 times
  @milogirly: 1 times
  @SOOZRO: 1 times
davewest1 mentions:
  @ecopondfollowfriday: 1 times
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @davewest1: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @mgonyeo: 1 times
  @Sea4ever: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @ShawnaCoronado: 1 times
  @ecostrategy: 1 times
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
jodibrooks mentions:
  @SquareJaw: 1 times
  @magnusholmgren: 1 times
  @bustyb73: 1 times
  @cutesyme: 1 times
  @randomblonde: 1 times
  @Hamperlady: 1 times
  @JellyWrestler: 1 times
  @Icametumbling: 1 times
  @tls1538: 1 times
  @ktnunna: 1 times
thebaddestangel mentions:
  @XemVanAdams: 1 times
  @MauriceRunea: 1 times
  @thebaddestangel: 1 times
  @keithboykin: 1 times
  @ddirty531: 1 times
  @christinamendez: 1 times
jaesdesign mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @iwasaround: 1 times
  @jaesdesign: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @JarrettMurgolo: 1 times
  @jasonPollockOMG: 1 times
benspark mentions:
  @joetech: 1 times
rickcaffeinated mentions:
  @caescence: 1 times
_laurenh_ mentions:
  @goonando: 1 times
  @millymelon: 1 times
  @BioMystro: 1 times
  @nancia: 1 times
  @willfrancis: 1 times
  @amandapanda1988: 1 times
  @MsCarlaPauline: 1 times
liparentsource mentions:
  @LovelyLu: 1 times
  @ChicMom: 1 times
  @claudinemj: 1 times
  @photographymom: 1 times
lisagemini mentions:
  @LizzHarmon: 1 times
  @MicheleNorthrup: 1 times
  @SuePaskert: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @NancyHowe: 1 times
brendanixon mentions:
  @njfamilymag: 1 times
  @BestofNJ: 1 times
  @jerseyshorejen: 1 times
  @PaperMill: 1 times
  @kbktea: 1 times
  @ssuperheroes: 1 times
  @PrincetonScoop: 1 times
  @Doublelattemama: 1 times
paulraats mentions:
  @howard74: 1 times
  @feldmannschuhe: 1 times
  @hgeisler: 1 times
  @FabianPattberg: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
  @EV: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
  @obamanews: 1 times
skiz_digital mentions:
  @HomeBusiness: 1 times
  @IfollowWinners: 1 times
  @sara4t4: 1 times
  @JazzCatNYC: 1 times
  @PressleyGirl1: 1 times
chadnorman mentions:
  @khawkins98: 1 times
  @xarker: 1 times
  @XarkGirl: 1 times
  @crbj: 1 times
  @carnellm: 1 times
  @gradschool: 1 times
  @joeybenton: 1 times
markable mentions:
  @ladypandorah: 1 times
  @LesleyA: 1 times
  @nakedbarbie: 1 times
  @banteringblonde: 1 times
  @OggieBad: 1 times
  @kellyoxford: 1 times
  @HotAmishChick: 1 times
  @aedison: 1 times
  @FanEffingTastic: 1 times
minilaptops mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
jacintha324 mentions:
  @Offishal1Thanks: 1 times
  @Jacintha324: 1 times
  @freddiegz: 1 times
  @Baileychelsea: 1 times
  @sugabear70603: 1 times
  @SkipperHart: 1 times
  @CHILLSPOTATL: 1 times
ben1gun mentions:
  @VikiCollins: 1 times
golougo mentions:
  @JasonPollockFollowFriday: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
kimberlyjsmith mentions:
  @coolkidsread: 1 times
  @justonemorebook: 1 times
kiddiescorner mentions:
  @mommyinpink: 1 times
  @lovetoshopmom: 1 times
  @jackiezima: 1 times
  @lamamanaturale: 1 times
  @NicoleMomFuse: 1 times
  @KiddiesCorner: 1 times
jason_pollock mentions:
  @sarahross: 1 times
dsalinger mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
smoothdesigner mentions:
  @lucaslshaffer: 1 times
  @smoothdesigner: 1 times
  @sharp3d: 1 times
  @socialshark: 1 times
  @mjgillespie: 1 times
  @joshuawhitley: 1 times
  @soffe: 1 times
  @Junk: 1 times
connectionforce mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @AmiAhuja: 1 times
  @JuliannaVaz: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @amronsomar: 1 times
  @NancyPerez: 1 times
  @ConnectionForce: 1 times
anthonywright mentions:
  @MovieBum: 1 times
  @MovieQuotesQuiz: 1 times
  @hashmovie: 1 times
natikuhnnews mentions:
  @b1kini: 1 times
  @TravisParrott: 1 times
  @WImbledon: 1 times
  @OnTheBaseline: 1 times
  @ATPWorldTour: 1 times
  @basshunt: 1 times
suzieprof mentions:
  @drjmillen: 1 times
coachparadise mentions:
  @iconicfreedom: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @tiinag: 1 times
  @paulock: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @coachparadise: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @vagabondvistas: 1 times
davrutick mentions:
  @JoeHendricks: 1 times
  @davrutick: 1 times
  @SteveMuchnick: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @iamdecal: 1 times
  @MaxRovenko: 1 times
  @SightlineCoach: 1 times
  @baconzoo: 1 times
msmomentum mentions:
  @erikhess: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @ECleaver: 1 times
silknpearls mentions:
  @HoldTheGluten: 1 times
  @mjdew: 1 times
  @ChristineF: 1 times
  @gfjungle: 1 times
  @Aleias: 1 times
  @autismfamily: 1 times
  @Izziland: 1 times
  @GlutenFreeGuide: 1 times
  @glutenfreegood: 1 times
rythine mentions:
  @tinybubble: 1 times
  @NastySmurf: 1 times
  @pensblogtweet: 1 times
  @gwigolith: 1 times
  @jrheam: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @chelsaya: 1 times
  @emxjstaal11lvr: 1 times
  @SKILLETfan01: 1 times
superjennblogs mentions:
  @IamSucceeding: 1 times
  @brandyellen: 1 times
  @mindolla: 1 times
  @SuperJennBlogs: 1 times
  @RealLifeSarah: 1 times
  @Momspective: 1 times
timelessp mentions:
  @TPIRhost: 1 times
  @DrewFromTV: 1 times
twitwriter mentions:
  @SpreadTheMovie: 1 times
  @itunestrailers: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @britneyblah: 1 times
  @liliblah: 1 times
  @tiffaniblah@twitwriter: 1 times
jennypennifer mentions:
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @VetsOnTheWatch: 1 times
  @LindanNC: 1 times
  @patrioticameric: 1 times
  @RepublicanGOP: 1 times
  @msbs05: 1 times
loudmouthmelvin mentions:
  @randomimpulse: 1 times
  @musicald: 1 times
  @terrordanjah: 1 times
  @semothyjones: 1 times
  @davidkelly: 1 times
  @loudmouthmelvin: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @elijahbutterz: 1 times
kmaemaxwell mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
djnorequest mentions:
  @Gennyfer: 1 times
  @choley: 1 times
  @BriggsAdv: 1 times
  @marieiris: 1 times
  @burnsy06: 1 times
  @ChrisCavs: 1 times
karpaydm mentions:
  @ShesWanderin: 1 times
  @annabdavid: 1 times
  @AlisonRosen: 1 times
  @natalidelconte: 1 times
  @NataliePage: 1 times
  @BlueyedMuse: 1 times
  @ChiMike: 1 times
  @andylevy: 1 times
  @allahpundit: 1 times
seagirlx mentions:
  @Shuster1600: 1 times
  @contessabrewer: 1 times
  @joanwalsh: 1 times
  @carloswatson: 1 times
markpollard mentions:
  @dirkthecow: 1 times
  @kelpenhagen: 1 times
sirspoon mentions:
  @VioletteSummer: 1 times
bobbygill mentions:
  @Mortgagesuk: 1 times
  @highflyersnet: 1 times
  @Simonephillips: 1 times
  @Wealthbabes: 1 times
  @sweetmandarin: 1 times
  @michaelqtodd: 1 times
  @michellemcdines: 1 times
  @andreasmart: 1 times
maestrowork mentions:
alessiakirkland mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
queenmisha mentions:
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @gogetmel: 1 times
  @mikeshurley: 1 times
  @AnitaDFiouris: 1 times
klbrink mentions:
  @the12kingstarfollowfriday: 1 times
  @wolfcraaft: 1 times
  @lexy315: 1 times
  @Fanlock: 1 times
  @Suns39: 1 times
  @jennsmalls: 1 times
  @str8wc: 1 times
krodd mentions:
  @Sent1: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @AngEngland: 1 times
  @TerraGarden: 1 times
  @GamblingOnLife: 1 times
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @KRodd: 1 times
  @pinkele: 1 times
ladychann mentions:
  @JDtheDesigner: 1 times
  @FrankstahGrime: 1 times
  @MelodyOnline: 1 times
  @LadyChann: 1 times
  @ediitz: 1 times
  @JermaineCraig: 1 times
  @JmlArtizt: 1 times
  @Kriptic: 1 times
  @iKraze: 1 times
acetachyon mentions:
  @oliviamunn: 1 times
  @allisonahaislip: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @sandeepparikh: 1 times
  @amberbenson: 1 times
pumpsandgloss mentions:
  @LianneFarbes: 1 times
  @TheStylePA: 1 times
  @openzine: 1 times
  @LottieB: 1 times
  @LPT365: 1 times
  @StylinProfilin: 1 times
  @TracyeDukes: 1 times
  @JaniceTunnell: 1 times
  @DeniseTunnell: 1 times
  @iVanessa: 1 times
mess_xx mentions:
  @DarkAeon: 1 times
  @OKMagazine: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @davidjbatchelor: 1 times
  @ManCityCouncil: 1 times
  @sloanzy: 1 times
cyurhighness mentions:
  @MrsMaxx: 1 times
  @Juanyta: 1 times
  @CaliB: 1 times
  @wintafresh: 1 times
  @Jeanise: 1 times
  @SPProductions: 1 times
  @MissODemi: 1 times
  @MickiB: 1 times
  @NancyByron: 1 times
  @OriginalNajeema: 1 times
foxy_hotsawce mentions:
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
  @FoxyHotSawce: 1 times
terrygresham mentions:
  @jawar: 1 times
  @jawarspeaks: 1 times
chuckhester mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @pgiblett: 1 times
  @chuckhester: 1 times
  @RositaCortez: 1 times
  @SailingUpdates: 1 times
vickiepmp mentions:
  @johnmoore: 1 times
jackiejart mentions:
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @KathrynJo: 1 times
  @jimsavarino: 1 times
  @lyonsdigital: 1 times
  @Boltskins: 1 times
  @jackiejart: 1 times
  @henryboo: 1 times
luxmentis mentions:
  @bostonbibliophl: 1 times
bryabent mentions:
  @semipenguinfollowfriday: 1 times
  @bryabent: 1 times
  @ringoblog: 1 times
  @NAC0826: 1 times
  @cecycorrea: 1 times
  @cascandar: 1 times
  @BlogsKaren: 1 times
krecks mentions:
  @johncrook: 1 times
  @mynameisanthony: 1 times
  @jfizzle45: 1 times
  @theyearsgoneby: 1 times
  @thescenic: 1 times
  @thesegreeneyes: 1 times
  @jimmypemberton: 1 times
gingerlatte mentions:
  @PumpsAndGloss: 1 times
  @PigsknLvngLady: 1 times
  @basseyworld: 1 times
  @JNez: 1 times
  @missarlene: 1 times
  @suitechauvhan: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @GangStarrGirl: 1 times
  @MissJoJo: 1 times
adamblenford mentions:
  @petermoore: 1 times
  @JonCart: 1 times
hilary_b mentions:
  @AnneCabornWhats: 1 times
sweetcandy_15 mentions:
  @babealertCEO: 1 times
  @LynniMegginson: 1 times
  @CateP36: 1 times
  @StephanieClark: 1 times
  @abegailbabierra: 1 times
  @sweetcandy15: 1 times
  @tweenkle77: 1 times
nicloveshabs mentions:
  @favier: 1 times
  @Audrinaaa: 1 times
  @Souszan: 1 times
1two3 mentions:
  @ShannonGraham1: 1 times
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @cobcottage: 1 times
  @ConnectionForce: 2 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @forfreeforfun: 1 times
misslazarou mentions:
  @eppursimuove: 1 times
  @arcebispo: 1 times
  @kowalskipt: 1 times
wendyblum mentions:
  @jillzie30: 1 times
  @thecurelist: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @therealsecret: 1 times
  @AndrewSkelly: 1 times
  @amnesty: 1 times
  @ReikiAwakening: 1 times
  @johnassaraf: 1 times
  @wendyblum: 1 times
reneeatnutro mentions:
  @MulderCat: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
  @dogtrainingtip1: 1 times
  @CoolRaven: 1 times
  @PeachiePoodle: 1 times
mossbergdabeast mentions:
  @DaRealSuperWman: 1 times
  @Erikai: 1 times
  @darealsuperwman: 1 times
  @sjax13: 1 times
manongdave mentions:
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @seekzpeace: 1 times
  @JohnDkarFilms: 1 times
  @humanrights1st: 1 times
  @libertygrrrl: 1 times
  @witchesbritches: 1 times
  @mellowdi: 1 times
  @marktill: 1 times
thetravelexpert mentions:
  @IsabellesTravel: 1 times
  @santafetraveler: 1 times
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
charliedavison mentions:
  @globalcool: 1 times
  @snowfix: 1 times
gracecic mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
ladysouldja mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
patticakegirl mentions:
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @averygoodyear: 1 times
  @erinmillsliving: 1 times
  @JillAPower: 1 times
  @ComplicatedMama: 1 times
  @PatticakeGirl: 1 times
brajit mentions:
  @pilotmike: 1 times
  @InterlineDeals: 1 times
  @SavvyNavigator: 1 times
  @Sodwee: 1 times
  @SWACaptain: 1 times
  @SWAStew: 1 times
  @swaleigh: 1 times
  @theflyingpinto: 1 times
dawnwluv mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @BeckiS: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @denisejim: 1 times
  @InspirationDay: 1 times
  @EvesHealing: 1 times
catchourdream mentions:
  @Iconic88: 1 times
matt_parsons mentions:
highstyleclt mentions:
  @BruceBarone: 1 times
  @HighStyleClt: 1 times
chordictionary mentions:
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 2 times
  @Getconfident: 2 times
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @BeckiS: 1 times
  @sandmarg: 1 times
  @TheLif: 1 times
ppginc mentions:
  @sheconomy: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @Newspapergirl: 1 times
  @kirstinbutler: 1 times
  @brianmarshall: 1 times
  @Emarketingguru: 1 times
kemattison mentions:
  @Sportsguy33: 1 times
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
  @BigBley: 1 times
  @MarcMalkin: 1 times
karmacakedotca mentions:
  @reado: 1 times
  @xclarke78x: 1 times
unabr mentions:
  @caetanoqueiroz: 1 times
  @ARebello: 1 times
  @luizbento: 1 times
  @adrianolepper: 1 times
  @varallo: 1 times
  @renanwilliam: 1 times
  @killypunks: 1 times
  @fernandapsi: 1 times
  @faiper: 1 times
  @NatBelSantos: 1 times
simon_rees mentions:
  @sorcha69: 1 times
  @buddinggenius: 1 times
  @simonrees: 1 times
  @koist: 1 times
  @sillysillyboy: 1 times
  @heltershelter: 1 times
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
spirospiliadis mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
cheriepop mentions:
  @steveplunkett: 1 times
  @cheriepop: 1 times
soupscoop mentions:
  @DaveBenjamin: 1 times
  @Voicesofdetroit: 1 times
nestandinvest mentions:
  @DigiTimeCapsule: 1 times
  @dvdlpz: 1 times
  @boomerstyle: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @skipinc: 1 times
  @instyledecor: 1 times
  @jaymackinday: 1 times
sleepoverrover mentions:
  @YourDogSite: 1 times
  @PerdytheDane: 1 times
  @SophiesCause: 1 times
  @KarenCurreri: 1 times
kathybuckworth mentions:
  @ParentClub: 1 times
  @sharonDV: 1 times
  @KathyBuckworth: 1 times
chrismaddox mentions:
  @jenniferlwood: 1 times
  @padgettmrktg: 1 times
mandahoofs mentions:
  @moonlight2530: 1 times
montythemack mentions:
  @ItsKeem: 1 times
catnboots mentions:
  @contentcottage: 1 times
  @GradSchoolMom: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
thomaschandler mentions:
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @slkeeth: 1 times
  @kdwashburn: 1 times
  @sherryfetzer: 1 times
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
devilishbella mentions:
  @devilishbella: 1 times
kckiwigirl mentions:
  @lewisshields: 1 times
  @kingalf: 1 times
govaporize mentions:
  @BrokePimpStyles: 1 times
  @govaporize: 1 times
e_man mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
mizzchaotic mentions:
  @SoNKreDibEllE: 1 times
  @Squarespace: 1 times
jessicacolon mentions:
  @fatgirlsguide: 1 times
takkie13 mentions:
  @Jackyah333: 1 times
  @christinaem7: 1 times
  @hanlie: 1 times
  @HippyDi: 1 times
  @tonyseifart: 1 times
  @stereotype: 1 times
  @JonathanAB: 1 times
  @silverguru1@Justmoney@mybuzz: 1 times
clarencecoggins mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @SchereLLC: 1 times
  @clarencecoggins: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @sdq0218: 1 times
  @silentbutsmart: 1 times
jelo45110 mentions:
  @ThinkPinkBoise: 1 times
aaronmckevitt mentions:
  @GwinnettMedical: 1 times
  @GMCFoundation: 1 times
  @RedCrossBloodGA: 1 times
  @BuckheadChurch: 1 times
  @Athens: 1 times
lilwldchld mentions:
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
  @openzine: 1 times
  @MistyKhan: 1 times
  @Time4CoffeeTime: 1 times
  @MichaelDarwin: 1 times
  @JoyAlyssaDay: 1 times
nicky777 mentions:
  @dunkinthecat: 1 times
  @veganmarthastew: 1 times
  @jamesbezan: 1 times
  @nancylovespets: 1 times
  @improvelife: 1 times
  @misscleocat: 1 times
  @nutthesquirrel: 1 times
striker_x mentions:
  @TechTipTweets: 1 times
nav_een mentions:
  @lmcourchesne: 1 times
  @sharpener: 1 times
  @thatsacorker: 1 times
  @ryanmcnutt: 1 times
  @chandel8: 1 times
  @rocketrobin: 1 times
shesouldeep mentions:
  @Heartthrob09: 1 times
  @BeautifulLeena: 1 times
  @InNoSenseLost: 1 times
  @tictoc22: 1 times
  @Shesouldeep: 1 times
  @DivasMistress: 1 times
  @Trains22: 1 times
  @MizzBrandNew13: 1 times
  @harmony2u: 1 times
traveltraining mentions:
witlinx mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
kossnocorp mentions:
  @AnimalPlanet: 1 times
cnnsaeed mentions:
  @atiaabawi: 1 times
amcmoore mentions:
  @blm03: 1 times
  @table4five: 1 times
  @busymom: 1 times
  @youngmommy: 1 times
  @BellaStrada: 1 times
  @cgccoach: 1 times
  @marybabysteps: 1 times
  @jentifa: 1 times
  @acowboyswife: 1 times
  @loisheilig: 1 times
lrothschildphd mentions:
  @AngelaYWilliams: 1 times
  @crushermasman: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @LRothschildPhD: 1 times
tzeppelin mentions:
waynemarkle mentions:
  @EthanRunt: 1 times
  @IndywoodFILMS: 1 times
sassystilettos mentions:
  @msraing: 1 times
  @Deltavogue: 1 times
  @PoliticalDiva: 1 times
  @deltalady: 1 times
  @DeltaTweets: 1 times
  @SassyStilettos: 1 times
  @victoriousg: 1 times
  @sopnel: 1 times
trish1981 mentions:
  @rikoala: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
alure_home mentions:
  @alurehome: 1 times
  @salferro: 1 times
  @14str8: 1 times
  @settie96: 1 times
  @taskwun: 1 times
  @LILindsey: 1 times
barbaraduke mentions:
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @lifecruise: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
garnetgurl mentions:
  @rpattzlawyer: 1 times
  @BobbyLongNews: 1 times
  @Jamiebower: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
  @samueltwitt1: 1 times
  @marcusfoster1: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
chiggsltd mentions:
  @impalaimpressio: 1 times
  @ethicalsoap: 1 times
mmmcdermott mentions:
  @gussent: 1 times
  @jhawkw: 1 times
doinitmyownway mentions:
  @blaqrainbow: 1 times
spankransom mentions:
  @twilightheaded: 1 times
  @gingerswan: 1 times
  @spidrmonkey: 1 times
  @RainS: 1 times
bodysculpter mentions:
  @asklizfirst: 1 times
  @the: 1 times
linkz mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @alisabirks: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @rightcommentary: 1 times
  @Vader101: 1 times
  @usaconservative: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @BoomerStyle: 1 times
elephantshoes75 mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @detroitredwings: 1 times
  @bjr70: 1 times
happylotus mentions:
  @ianpeatey: 1 times
  @FairyBlogMother: 1 times
  @SereneBalance: 1 times
  @serenejourney: 1 times
  @DavidDCain: 1 times
  @Porsidan: 1 times
  @AContentLife: 1 times
just_cal mentions:
  @PapaJohnsATL: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @JustCal: 1 times
sparty1216 mentions:
  @MarkChin: 1 times
  @rebeculla: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @Dscottw: 1 times
  @jimmywhite09: 1 times
  @SusanLorelei: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
foxyma2k9 mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
amystephen mentions:
  @Mootools: 1 times
  @davidwalshblog: 1 times
  @mootools: 1 times
treseyb mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
abcddesigns mentions:
  @belladesign: 1 times
  @weddingpr: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @seanlow: 1 times
  @weddex: 1 times
  @sparkliatti: 1 times
yoeypup mentions:
  @Maritimer: 1 times
  @crystalChappell: 1 times
patternhead mentions:
  @svgrob: 1 times
dtpriceless mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @ThaFuture703: 1 times
  @fatbellybella: 1 times
  @cocoadelight: 1 times
  @dtpriceless: 1 times
  @BigRonATL: 1 times
  @twochix1: 1 times
  @Gyant: 1 times
roesaved mentions:
  @CarolDA: 1 times
  @faithtelegraph: 1 times
  @JennyPennifer: 1 times
  @bekahferguson: 1 times
  @kb3mkd: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
tantonik mentions:
  @usmcwife8999: 1 times
  @DeltaWhiskey1: 1 times
  @hamfy1: 1 times
  @Whiskeykitten: 1 times
  @tantonik: 1 times
tinarene8 mentions:
  @ISpewChips: 1 times
  @braveyoyo: 1 times
  @SUITEDPOCKETS: 1 times
on_point mentions:
nathaliecaron mentions:
  @Patti0713: 1 times
heartofwisdom mentions:
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
shoestring mentions:
  @UncommonWine: 1 times
  @MakeMineWine: 1 times
1cor16_13 mentions:
  @andysmailes: 2 times
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @matthewprewett: 1 times
  @maheshone: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @UFO4U: 1 times
andreakrealtor mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @inspiremetoday: 1 times
  @lollydaskal: 1 times
  @KristinMorelli: 1 times
  @lynnrose: 1 times
  @lotusamy: 1 times
  @kimsherrell: 1 times
marginalazine mentions:
  @esuoh: 1 times
aussierescueil mentions:
  @Jrtrescue: 1 times
  @dogtopia: 1 times
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
  @DidYaQ: 1 times
  @Pawsville: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @2dogs2000miles: 1 times
  @PythonLady1: 1 times
  @AprilAMiller: 1 times
jacobschulman mentions:
  @alexmenowitz: 1 times
  @mtoffler: 1 times
  @ericlandstein: 1 times
  @sillysammy: 1 times
  @robokob: 1 times
  @dsloane27: 1 times
robin_usanamom mentions:
  @tearsofjoy: 1 times
securei_coo mentions:
  @gretel2374: 1 times
  @CETravel: 1 times
  @trigirl718: 1 times
  @SamPfeifle: 1 times
  @trustedreviews: 1 times
  @netwoman: 1 times
  @cloudeq: 1 times
  @batratiya: 1 times
krystals mentions:
lisamertz mentions:
  @AnasaziStories: 1 times
  @KristenLambTX: 1 times
dublinblondie mentions:
demetrijaymze mentions:
  @JazConway: 1 times
  @ShapeShiftJacob: 1 times
  @bellaMScullen1: 1 times
  @AliceCulllen4: 1 times
  @BabyGirlVane: 1 times
  @EsmeCullen8: 1 times
  @StaceyK: 1 times
  @bellacullen4: 1 times
mobands mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @hunnibeez: 1 times
  @atownbrown08: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @tammey: 1 times
  @redrobinrockn: 1 times
  @fashionretweet: 1 times
  @seanjoreilly: 1 times
numbnuggets mentions:
  @FollowHeidi: 1 times
theazzo mentions:
  @DrewG75: 1 times
  @theboygeorge: 1 times
ooniepix mentions:
  @LPGthatDude: 1 times
  @TheTrueOneDMV: 1 times
  @HisPhoenix: 1 times
  @MBGQueen: 1 times
  @Ooniepix: 1 times
  @kidnoble: 1 times
  @leejr: 1 times
rachyrach1 mentions:
  @ChristinaM72: 1 times
  @markpappalardo: 1 times
  @MeMooseknuckle: 1 times
  @HotTamata: 1 times
  @JeremyHaskell: 1 times
  @miltmafia: 1 times
  @rachyrach1: 1 times
  @emajik: 1 times
  @JobsInNH: 1 times
purplebear mentions:
  @HotMBC: 1 times
  @MulderCat: 1 times
  @ChesterPDexter: 1 times
  @BadAndyKityKat: 1 times
  @jazzydacat: 1 times
  @NeesanKitty: 1 times
  @PetsKidsLeisure: 1 times
  @LittleGuyRad: 1 times
flatacre mentions:
  @kooder: 2 times
  @firehouse: 1 times
  @redrobinrockn: 1 times
  @MrVampland: 1 times
  @FollowingBetty: 1 times
  @RobAndersonsays: 1 times
  @Titus1nine: 1 times
  @flatacre: 1 times
  @MelWhite: 1 times
boutiquekarma mentions:
  @IndieNorth: 1 times
pscfederalgov mentions:
  @sibos: 1 times
  @thehI7guy: 1 times
  @gartnerinc: 1 times
  @bloombergtv: 1 times
  @modrnhealthcr: 1 times
  @govtwit: 1 times
  @dcgov: 1 times
  @klasresearch: 1 times
  @helenwalters: 1 times
  @mckbiztech: 1 times
starshyne mentions:
  @ExpressiveHart: 1 times
  @lorilyn: 1 times
  @Coaching4URSoul: 1 times
  @heatherplett: 1 times
  @djkreutzer: 1 times
  @lizelayne: 1 times
stinosss31 mentions:
  @Roelvano: 1 times
fairy_free mentions:
  @littleidiot: 1 times
  @brexians: 1 times
  @tolisv: 1 times
fjg75 mentions:
  @RossStevens: 1 times
  @Freeballer30: 1 times
  @sykery: 1 times
  @phillip0125: 1 times
  @RobLives4Love: 1 times
  @gaysexstories: 1 times
  @santi: 1 times
  @houseADDICT: 1 times
  @gooster: 1 times
katdish mentions:
  @bryanallain: 1 times
  @tylerstanton: 1 times
dude3064 mentions:
  @thekingdude: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @medializzy: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
  @katyinindy: 1 times
  @brodigan: 1 times
turntablez mentions:
  @arvettedude: 1 times
  @madviral: 1 times
  @cheth: 1 times
  @othella: 1 times
  @cajunham: 1 times
  @schmittit: 1 times
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
crazymommie mentions:
  @pianoheart: 1 times
  @nicolewilson: 1 times
  @gen22: 1 times
  @taylorblue: 1 times
  @sasaloves: 1 times
  @greenigirl: 1 times
  @morethanhuman: 1 times
  @laurensbite: 1 times
  @sassette: 1 times
coloradofoothil mentions:
  @madisoncreek: 1 times
  @mysticpainter: 1 times
  @hrkovar: 1 times
  @grantthomson: 1 times
  @prjoekovacs: 1 times
  @suzeormanshow: 1 times
  @kingsthings: 1 times
  @scottbradley77: 1 times
fscorpio mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
louisamann mentions:
  @Adnams: 1 times
kjonesmorehouse mentions:
  @MichaelJai: 1 times
  @JamarHerrod: 1 times
  @andresflava: 1 times
  @1Choyce: 1 times
  @rrctbgwr: 1 times
  @thatdudea: 1 times
jacinta716 mentions:
  @yourvegas: 1 times
  @alyankovic: 1 times
kyracnn mentions:
  @atiaabawi: 1 times
cosmickitchen mentions:
  @sourcherrywhip: 1 times
  @TinaShropshire: 1 times
  @coachreggie: 1 times
  @DeniseMerritt: 1 times
  @shanbow: 1 times
  @jimware: 1 times
  @CoastalMail: 1 times
  @JenWatkins: 1 times
  @rightleftstud: 1 times
lilizzo mentions:
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
jewelsmyfav mentions:
  @DJSKNO: 1 times
  @therealdjjelly: 1 times
  @djgregstreet: 1 times
moreauphone mentions:
  @ColinCurtisKS: 1 times
  @benjaminlindner: 1 times
  @kansasjackass: 1 times
  @ARickel: 1 times
  @yonahana: 1 times
  @tlongpine: 1 times
  @moreauphone: 1 times
bazzmatti mentions:
  @Jasonpollock: 1 times
  @mattmi5: 1 times
  @bazzmatti: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @thisisdivina: 1 times
nwtwebsitescom mentions:
  @MattAlston: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @dshiggins: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
  @perpetualspiral: 1 times
  @christinef: 1 times
  @NoLuckNeeded: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
douglaspaul mentions:
  @vanillabean45: 1 times
somni mentions:
  @mycellar: 1 times
  @somni: 1 times
  @MyCentralCoast: 1 times
  @TasteAndShare: 1 times
  @ShonaBris: 1 times
  @NapaVino: 1 times
  @2friendsimports: 1 times
speakinguph4h mentions:
  @starcat76: 1 times
  @SpeakingUpH4H: 1 times
anniegirl1138 mentions:
  @jtlongandco@LisaD35@aswinn: 1 times
floridasunsales mentions:
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
jojototh mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @phirebase: 1 times
adri021 mentions:
  @benitodelicias: 1 times
  @linorys: 1 times
  @GranLemur: 1 times
  @NanaVico: 1 times
  @metalhen: 1 times
  @sandraluque: 1 times
  @ChiguireBipolar: 1 times
  @MLuzardo: 1 times
  @josemanuelr: 1 times
  @karinamachin: 1 times
clayposey mentions:
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @ogydog: 1 times
  @cnpsupport: 1 times
  @SOcialMediaMo: 1 times
  @TanyaChadwich: 1 times
  @allenweiss: 1 times
  @FranchiseSmart: 1 times
agelias mentions:
cottageguru mentions:
  @stevekloyda: 1 times
  @TheMediaCzar: 1 times
amstrokin mentions:
  @AMstroKiN: 5 times
jazzorenee mentions:
  @MissA722: 8 times
mkangela mentions:
  @LindaAlexander: 1 times
willpetersen mentions:
  @popwilleatme: 1 times
  @VikingUpdate: 1 times
  @myawesomerobe: 1 times
  @michaelombardi: 1 times
  @awhole: 1 times
buffalogeek mentions:
ericbuterbaugh mentions:
jasnwilsn mentions:
  @ZuDfunck: 1 times
  @smashadv: 1 times
bhaddad mentions:
  @kstpete: 1 times
napa_goodguys mentions:
  @paceset9999: 1 times
  @NHRanchoRelaxo: 1 times
  @Rickpz: 1 times
  @mirrorfinish: 1 times
  @frittsfordfleet: 1 times
bapower mentions:
chocolateclair mentions:
  @PercythePigeon: 1 times
  @HelpFindMyChild: 1 times
rodiell mentions:
  @AtheistBlogger: 1 times
  @MovingtoMontana: 1 times
  @RichardDawkins: 1 times
  @LabrysCats: 1 times
  @skepchicks: 1 times
  @friarzero: 1 times
  @revOxley: 1 times
  @BibleAlsoSays: 1 times
skretz mentions:
  @RReedPC: 1 times
offishal1 mentions:
  @Jacintha324: 1 times
  @freddiegz: 1 times
  @Baileychelsea: 1 times
  @sugabear70603: 1 times
  @SkipperHart: 1 times
  @CHILLSPOTATL: 1 times
acowboyswife mentions:
  @AudreyMcClellan: 1 times
  @greenmom: 1 times
  @mombloggersclub: 1 times
  @918couponqueen: 1 times
  @RobynsWorld: 1 times
  @ToniGPB: 1 times
  @typeamom: 1 times
  @HappyHousewife: 1 times
  @ComplicatedMama: 1 times
colinwlewis mentions:
  @karenpurves: 1 times
designerg mentions:
  @nwtwebsitescom: 1 times
  @davidrsheehan: 1 times
  @Deva09IAME: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @TDFINN: 1 times
  @eka2072: 1 times
  @EsmaaSelf: 1 times
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
gigistweets mentions:
  @BestBodyDetox: 1 times
  @catherton: 1 times
  @Naydo33: 1 times
  @gigistweets: 1 times
  @uneeles: 1 times
darn_republican mentions:
  @Ritalynman: 1 times
  @michaeldcarney: 1 times
  @MrLexington: 1 times
nesu7 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dbreakenridge mentions:
  @intellibridgeir: 1 times
  @jeffreybdavis: 1 times
  @accesspharma: 1 times
  @dbreakenridge: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
rock_read__roam mentions:
  @toddvo: 1 times
  @jimhunt: 1 times
  @Biancanetta: 1 times
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @johnlusher: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
hwillcox mentions:
  @LPT365: 1 times
gypsytrading mentions:
  @BrightBlessings: 1 times
  @renagades: 1 times
  @ZiggyZool@WWisewolf: 1 times
bonniejene mentions:
  @E140Tweets: 1 times
  @BonnieJene: 1 times
mjkramer mentions:
  @shartlesville: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @gk4truth: 1 times
  @TalulahStarr: 1 times
  @Denise205: 1 times
  @mjkramer: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @Agostino: 1 times
  @pcamarata: 1 times
ncsucampusactiv mentions:
  @uabncsu: 1 times
  @joshgracin: 1 times
  @chuckwicksmusic: 1 times
rich97 mentions:
  @wirthdesign: 1 times
janverhoeff mentions:
  @TidwellSenate: 1 times
  @BalloonParadise: 1 times
  @janverhoeff: 1 times
  @BobClark: 1 times
  @ColoradoFoothil: 1 times
  @ranalynn: 1 times
jimmychung mentions:
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @JimmyChung: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @Tomplay: 1 times
arlenesg mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
alexsteed mentions:
  @eatswell: 1 times
  @StevenRowe: 1 times
vanitiiluv mentions:
  @ProdByBLACKK: 2 times
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @zamir09: 1 times
  @CavalliCali: 1 times
  @vanitiiluv: 1 times
  @kherrylobrien: 1 times
  @icedaprince: 1 times
thejstandard mentions:
  @MsBGB: 1 times
hammarstrand mentions:
  @NIKKELIN: 1 times
  @Piratpartiets: 1 times
harvestworker mentions:
  @authorlaurasaba: 2 times
  @harvestworker: 1 times
btalisman mentions:
  @kiwimeg: 1 times
  @AFPMAC: 1 times
  @gaylegifford: 1 times
  @sdowdle1: 1 times
  @bellbajao: 1 times
  @kathleencasey: 1 times
  @water1st: 1 times
ddq mentions:
  @lightroomblog: 1 times
  @tothur: 1 times
  @atomvilanas: 1 times
  @rungandras: 1 times
  @diegorivera: 1 times
  @droid242: 1 times
  @setalosas: 1 times
pdreiling mentions:
  @StlDreiling: 1 times
ness_cullen mentions:
stephenbrighton mentions:
  @karenpurves: 1 times
united_tshirts mentions:
  @FairTweets: 1 times
  @Joshuabradenp: 1 times
  @Architekt010: 1 times
whoisariston mentions:
  @ice66: 1 times
  @joshua1580: 1 times
  @allancole: 1 times
  @ScottBourne: 1 times
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
  @tameraclark: 1 times
  @ericherman: 1 times
ducada mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
coppercanyonguy mentions:
  @iRetireInMexico: 1 times
  @mickou: 1 times
  @BarradeNavidad: 1 times
  @CopperCanyonGuy: 1 times
  @LatinArtE: 1 times
  @TransAmericas: 1 times
  @lynnerae: 1 times
  @travelojos: 1 times
  @BajaJoyce: 1 times
jugglingmommy mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
rndphlive mentions:
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
  @DarkPiano: 1 times
  @ibwhitty: 1 times
  @rndphLIVE: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
  @MisterNoodle: 1 times
vwebworld mentions:
  @swingmentors: 1 times
kishh mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @tinadallasfla: 1 times
  @collegehillgirl: 1 times
  @radiomag: 1 times
  @rushcard: 1 times
  @niceboi24: 1 times
  @GVOIDWELL: 1 times
  @drakkardnoir: 1 times
robosteel mentions:
  @dupalt: 1 times
  @blackheartking: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @WarriorMaiden: 1 times
  @robosteel: 1 times
  @os1019: 1 times
clydeboom mentions:
  @DianaShores: 1 times
  @ClydeBoom: 1 times
danishctc mentions:
  @shashitharoor: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
womencan mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @cindyscott54: 1 times
  @saxplaya07: 1 times
  @ColonelTribune: 1 times
  @WomenCan: 1 times
  @jerryjamesstone: 1 times
  @BearBob: 1 times
arikal mentions:
  @christinalemmey: 1 times
  @varesource: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @latarahamying: 1 times
  @ArikaL: 1 times
  @DrMommy: 1 times
jan_murray mentions:
  @DotLepkowska: 1 times
  @RealGeoffBarton: 1 times
  @rantingteacher: 1 times
lauraartist mentions:
  @havi: 1 times
alessandro_dias mentions:
  @Cortimiglia: 1 times
  @Danielas: 1 times
  @airwalk3r: 1 times
  @Cardoso: 1 times
  @rafinhabastos: 1 times
  @marcelotas: 1 times
  @SCInternacional: 1 times
therubbishdiet mentions:
  @traceysmith: 1 times
  @myzerowaste: 1 times
  @wastediverter: 1 times
  @fakeplasticfish: 1 times
mariadkins mentions:
  @modernsinglemom: 1 times
calabrisella mentions:
  @MobItaly: 1 times
  @LiberaReggio: 1 times
  @fabionirta: 1 times
  @blacky81: 1 times
  @michellafabio: 1 times
  @mybellavita: 1 times
missclaire mentions:
  @MattParsons: 1 times
thyroidmary mentions:
  @NewYorkChica: 1 times
  @ThyroidMary: 1 times
usavacantland mentions:
  @yournutrition: 1 times
  @chordictionary: 1 times
  @WellnessHill: 1 times
  @SanAxesslegal: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
paavani mentions:
  @thecomicproject: 1 times
pamturner mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @pamturner: 1 times
kateloving mentions:
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
  @GrowWear: 1 times
  @chefkeem: 1 times
  @MoonVine: 1 times
  @KateLoving: 1 times
  @LindaJoMartin: 1 times
amypbs mentions:
  @mikerass: 1 times
  @povdocs: 1 times
  @joytripproject: 1 times
  @blogpotomac: 1 times
  @lrainie: 1 times
sandycalico mentions:
  @mossyrants: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @artyjill: 1 times
  @NelDaffodil: 1 times
  @Caroljs: 1 times
  @Llubyloo: 1 times
  @nickpeers: 1 times
  @molliemoo: 1 times
rachellekomo mentions:
  @jelo45110: 1 times
admanekim mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
kimble09 mentions:
  @ShannonNicoleNP: 1 times
  @DreamofStacie: 1 times
  @CaptSkyWalker: 1 times
  @weeeitsjasmine: 1 times
  @AndSheSpeaks: 1 times
  @ninaserafina85: 1 times
  @SweetChhavvi: 1 times
non53n53 mentions:
  @littledevil84: 1 times
  @EllenStafford: 1 times
  @Fussymummybecause: 1 times
lestatquotes mentions:
  @khareen: 1 times
  @Vescara: 1 times
  @achickenfoot: 1 times
chris_gorham mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @DarynTufts: 1 times
  @tomlenk: 1 times
serene_balance mentions:
  @yourimpact: 1 times
  @Babasfarmlife: 1 times
mauritsharmsen mentions:
  @vic23: 1 times
  @defilmgids: 1 times
  @peterscartoons: 1 times
  @pauldeleeuw: 1 times
  @borsato: 1 times
  @sanderakkerman: 1 times
milhealth mentions:
  @MsMarti: 1 times
  @militarycharity: 1 times
  @milhealth: 1 times
  @MediaOps: 1 times
  @MarineCorpsNews: 1 times
  @majbc1: 1 times
giazzpet mentions:
  @chatterboxapp: 1 times
brianneudorff mentions:
  @pauley: 1 times
  @mikefixs: 1 times
  @ricknology: 1 times
  @susanbeebe: 1 times
  @soozi13: 1 times
  @SkeeterHarris: 1 times
  @MacVillageAnnie: 1 times
creative_home mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
sapam mentions:
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @AZBlueEyes: 1 times
eatswell mentions:
  @OhAngie: 1 times
  @eatswell: 1 times
  @StevenRowe: 1 times
jayirichardson mentions:
  @jamesecook: 1 times
  @AndyJWhite: 1 times
hydeandgeek mentions:
  @gbfans: 1 times
  @protoncharging: 1 times
arsenalsarah mentions:
  @Tonynewquay: 1 times
whatsthet mentions:
  @isolovelondon: 1 times
in_excess mentions:
  @Wiretapper: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @Cammmalot: 1 times
rmaynard mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @pmgreco: 1 times
  @nocwlady: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @standtrooper: 1 times
  @mickgregory: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
daviddez mentions:
  @muse4u2: 1 times
natgorman mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
23kazoos mentions:
  @martinpiraino: 1 times
  @ZachHubbell: 1 times
  @thatpassionguy: 1 times
  @hopsgirl: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @azmomofmanyhats: 1 times
  @JessicaLHansen: 1 times
wirelesstheatre mentions:
  @nic1471: 1 times
  @alexerasmus: 1 times
  @jackadandy: 1 times
  @LaunchLab: 1 times
  @Clippy: 1 times
  @GarryAbbott: 1 times
  @SueCasanove: 1 times
  @totallytheatre: 1 times
  @andylim: 1 times
crubalo mentions:
  @SueMBillington: 1 times
  @KevJacques: 1 times
  @mattchedit: 1 times
  @LatinAngel9393: 1 times
  @Figmom: 1 times
  @AnniHamer: 1 times
  @ChantalMatar: 1 times
  @SongGalaxyRach: 1 times
reavel mentions:
  @Rmediavilla: 1 times
  @EktorOni: 1 times
  @rafitorres: 1 times
  @rafamejia: 1 times
  @miguelrios: 1 times
  @edythemighty: 1 times
  @magcast: 1 times
  @WrSantiago: 1 times
  @jjsantee: 1 times
  @jribot: 1 times
carelea mentions:
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @luisj: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @TracyRepchuk: 1 times
  @ThreeTen: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @SwissTourism: 1 times
terrillwelch mentions:
  @MarionChapsal: 1 times
amandabc mentions:
  @askrizzo: 1 times
  @CaitlinBailey: 1 times
  @acoxmccutch: 1 times
  @melissawhetzel: 1 times
  @allisonskipper: 1 times
  @MeredithSiemens: 1 times
kellibeans mentions:
  @jmliss: 1 times
  @meeabee: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkle: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @kellibeans: 1 times
  @IslaLuna: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @metalology: 1 times
  @sunbasilgarden: 1 times
namilos mentions:
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @namilos: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @MikeK6ICS: 1 times
  @CelebritizeYou: 1 times
  @londicreations: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
viviennemorgain mentions:
  @insidebooks: 1 times
  @stujallen: 1 times
  @BestBooks: 1 times
ldunlimited mentions:
  @arryanb: 1 times
  @zillaman: 1 times
  @aulstar: 1 times
  @ricochet123: 1 times
  @ldunlimited: 1 times
  @cuttac: 1 times
  @curreSyspitta: 1 times
  @kikij104: 1 times
  @jdfields214: 1 times
  @creamteammusic: 1 times
garyalanmiller mentions:
  @justcameo: 1 times
  @AbsolutelyAbby: 1 times
  @jobsearchblogs: 1 times
  @ysnjen: 1 times
cathyclamp mentions:
theimakeupmaven mentions:
  @timelesslisa: 1 times
  @JonathanRKnight: 1 times
  @delaneygates: 1 times
  @misstrishdelish: 1 times
  @Taaz: 1 times
  @momogirl: 1 times
sherryag mentions:
  @SereneMoments: 1 times
carlosamaral mentions:
  @shellykramer: 1 times
  @Ohdoctah: 1 times
theboywithnails mentions:
  @ovientoo: 1 times
  @amatol: 1 times
  @razvedchik: 1 times
  @mestami: 1 times
  @balobol: 1 times
  @obozhdi: 1 times
  @Boristotel: 1 times
  @omally13: 1 times
  @TheBoyWithNails: 1 times
  @weltgeheimnis: 1 times
joelnewcomer mentions:
  @russelltripp: 1 times
  @missdestructo: 1 times
  @techherding: 1 times
  @JNetchaeffJones: 1 times
  @MelBrooke: 1 times
  @bryanrees: 1 times
  @xybrewer: 1 times
  @ChrisRackley: 1 times
urbanfly mentions:
  @DamonDavies: 1 times
  @gmdavies84: 1 times
juneallison mentions:
  @tbeckett: 1 times
  @ellelily: 1 times
  @h0zae: 1 times
pswope33 mentions:
  @MNMMGR: 1 times
  @ariana300: 1 times
  @Raatek: 1 times
  @rayraywitag: 1 times
  @comaculture: 1 times
  @DwerG: 1 times
  @coolsi: 1 times
  @grandpabasement: 1 times
  @jennymix933: 1 times
  @ForeverYours13: 1 times
icelyntaylor mentions:
  @1BIGCITYENT: 1 times
  @2TsY: 1 times
  @405andReign: 1 times
  @50cl: 1 times
  @757gooch: 1 times
  @AbigaelMARTINE: 1 times
  @Alison4564: 1 times
  @AlyciaBella: 1 times
  @ANGIEB45: 1 times
  @Austin1107: 1 times
  @Beachboy87: 1 times
ryanseslow mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
itskeem mentions:
  @MontyTheMack: 1 times
  @ItsKeem: 1 times
lhcnatalie mentions:
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @FormerUSMC: 1 times
  @BritishBrat: 1 times
  @Nanz12: 1 times
  @EXITStageLeft: 1 times
  @mapmall: 1 times
  @poorpeoplescamp: 1 times
  @lhcnatalie: 1 times
  @Alpida: 1 times
sebdive mentions:
  @Vergraemer: 1 times
doriandavis mentions:
  @Bilerico: 1 times
  @HHR: 1 times
vainparadise mentions:
  @SallyK: 1 times
cboogie1908 mentions:
  @bacieabbracci: 2 times
  @classimami: 1 times
  @xtyMiller: 1 times
  @BLAKstarTalk: 1 times
  @CBoogie1908: 1 times
  @charelblessed: 1 times
jazzsmooth mentions:
  @KevDigiTourGuy: 1 times
  @hipEchik: 1 times
  @Marlorific: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @Alisx123: 1 times
  @jerusha: 1 times
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @Loebette: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @rmindler: 1 times
ksiddall mentions:
  @amgrohs: 2 times
gallerialinda mentions:
  @Billpurifiedart: 1 times
  @Landreasen: 1 times
  @studio618: 1 times
  @simplywillow: 1 times
  @VerreDesign: 1 times
  @amalfi: 1 times
  @parochena: 1 times
  @WitchAmy: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
shit_happens mentions:
  @ksekher: 1 times
  @noufel: 1 times
  @rpisharody: 1 times
polkadotcreatio mentions:
  @ColtPixy: 1 times
  @polkadotcreatio: 1 times
  @DancinJulesJLVS: 1 times
  @cymberrain: 1 times
  @Sassyseren: 1 times
  @ctinapple: 1 times
  @time4coffee: 1 times
  @catfluff: 1 times
  @tooaquarius: 1 times
jenmilan720 mentions:
  @Yayaa: 1 times
valpakcoupons mentions:
  @handymannetwork: 1 times
  @slimperfect: 1 times
  @kolsen17: 1 times
  @creporter: 1 times
  @wildmountain: 1 times
  @modernmhmag: 1 times
  @neestaples: 1 times
  @elizobihfrank: 1 times
  @draperydiva: 1 times
zohaibusman mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @Apollonia316: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @LaFemmeLaVie: 1 times
  @GiantsDoDie: 1 times
  @tanenglishrose: 1 times
contentcottage mentions:
  @decondemand: 1 times
  @LuckyGirlTradin: 1 times
  @butterflybeacon: 1 times
  @BruceCarlson: 1 times
  @hummingbird2: 1 times
  @Greenberry: 1 times
slhoppin mentions:
  @usoMetroDC: 1 times
  @stavridisj: 1 times
  @bostonmaggie: 1 times
  @Military1Source: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
  @MilitaryChild: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @MCPONPAO: 1 times
  @usmcwife8999: 1 times
ilabelu mentions:
  @janinesimmons: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
littlewaltz mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
clearverve2 mentions:
  @triveraguy: 1 times
tylerstanton mentions:
  @bryanallain: 1 times
mmh807 mentions:
  @KimberWitch: 1 times
  @TylerFlorence: 1 times
attractingmoney mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
fatpaddler mentions:
  @HuskyHiker: 1 times
  @philipwerner: 1 times
  @KevinMims: 1 times
  @campingblogger: 1 times
  @kirbonanza: 1 times
  @FatPaddler: 1 times
  @100hikes: 1 times
cuzoogle mentions:
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @GregoryDCollins: 1 times
  @EricJMoss: 1 times
  @hiMarlene: 1 times
koolrazychic mentions:
  @CocosButter@chrisharrington: 1 times
  @dcb23: 1 times
  @SavageMike: 1 times
  @PapaMally: 1 times
  @thehulkster: 1 times
  @PublicityGuru: 1 times
  @HighPeaksResort: 1 times
lindsay_007 mentions:
  @goaliemom1104: 1 times
  @MicheleValJean: 1 times
misslindadee mentions:
  @wiseleo: 1 times
  @stellayu: 1 times
thedarrell mentions:
  @DeanHammond: 1 times
sunzoostudios mentions:
  @InkBlue: 1 times
  @LesleyChang: 1 times
  @SunzooStudios: 1 times
charliemoreno mentions:
  @LaradolillyPlease: 1 times
  @charliemoreno: 1 times
digitalcaffeine mentions:
  @Czarjames: 1 times
  @hollymccaig: 1 times
  @stlouiscountypd: 1 times
  @majorcasesquad: 1 times
hvezda mentions:
  @JoanneDuran: 1 times
  @whatwhywho: 1 times
ryannewyork mentions:
  @DECasting: 1 times
  @ArianMoayed: 1 times
  @Deconstructive: 1 times
  @littlewow: 1 times
  @votethemusical: 1 times
  @columbiajames: 1 times
  @kendavenport: 1 times
  @nymf: 1 times
  @broadwaypulse: 1 times
kellyjohnson85 mentions:
  @aetherprincess: 1 times
  @uhhuh143: 1 times
  @midnightsunco: 1 times
  @momof3crazykids: 1 times
  @caritx: 1 times
  @msjbell: 1 times
  @janetrigs: 1 times
  @joebendesigns: 1 times
lecheval mentions:
  @WalkingHorse: 1 times
  @MelodyLeaLamb: 1 times
  @DexterGrass: 1 times
  @Lavsage: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @6stitch: 1 times
d_steele mentions:
  @RyanMatsuflex: 1 times
nerdlr mentions:
thejaunt mentions:
  @raschatz: 1 times
  @BlkSportsOnline: 1 times
  @unforgettaballs: 1 times
  @metsblogger: 1 times
  @sarapepitone: 1 times
  @johnDiBiase: 1 times
  @markwilliamsjr: 1 times
1sweetwhirl mentions:
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @BowlMeOverVa: 1 times
  @McCore: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @FocusOnHistory: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
shannongrissom mentions:
  @GeoffHampton: 1 times
  @JenniferHilaryA: 1 times
  @LeilaSamoodi: 1 times
  @lauravdB: 1 times
  @TheSCICoach: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @smaknews: 1 times
  @GriFF: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
chomaee mentions:
  @kevhammond: 1 times
  @crsimp01: 1 times
  @thirddesign: 1 times
  @TweetDeck: 1 times
  @QuitSmoke: 1 times
  @PreservationOH: 1 times
dicoyta mentions:
jeffrothe mentions:
  @LydiaBreakfast: 1 times
montyblanc mentions:
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
  @roccoman: 1 times
  @09Casper: 1 times
  @wrightrs: 1 times
  @rainaroo: 1 times
  @Chockyboy: 1 times
  @henryandfriends: 1 times
  @grouchypuppy: 1 times
  @pinkstuf: 1 times
denifty mentions:
  @Fishdogs: 1 times
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
sweetsoaps mentions:
  @PlanetLabel: 1 times
  @1dollarhosting: 1 times
  @karmajewellery: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
  @CibariaSoapOils: 1 times
  @SweetSoaps: 1 times
wakeupwithdougk mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
gretch79 mentions:
  @tripletdad7: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
columbiajames mentions:
  @ryannewyork: 1 times
  @DECasting: 1 times
  @ArianMoayed: 1 times
  @Deconstructive: 1 times
  @littlewow: 1 times
  @votethemusical: 1 times
  @columbiajames: 1 times
  @kendavenport: 1 times
  @nymf: 1 times
ninarawz mentions:
  @Youngnok: 1 times
  @reemababy1: 1 times
  @ljv22: 1 times
  @ttodd25: 1 times
  @LaFamiliaEnt: 1 times
  @trazz: 1 times
  @DaKingDavid: 1 times
  @DrMcCulloch: 1 times
  @JHollins: 1 times
  @ThisIsChrisR: 1 times
  @DJHeat: 1 times
incapete mentions:
  @tpphotography: 1 times
  @girlonetrack: 1 times
sonnyengineer mentions:
  @mattstevensloop: 1 times
  @kevinfeazey: 1 times
  @catstalker: 1 times
  @ponor: 1 times
mrs_wallace mentions:
  @RebeccaBacon: 1 times
  @NerysAnnEvans: 1 times
  @CalamityCharls: 1 times
truthbawd mentions:
  @Freeballer30: 1 times
  @vijiisland: 1 times
  @JeremyFeist: 1 times
  @XavierMathews: 1 times
  @TheBobBlog: 1 times
  @DarkRockLee: 1 times
  @Airrun: 1 times
georgegsmithjr mentions:
  @crocs: 1 times
enoc_marrero7 mentions:
  @amelialarosaRT: 1 times
  @ActorsLounge: 1 times
  @TruTalent: 1 times
  @ACTORSandCREW: 1 times
  @NewburyFilm: 1 times
  @IFNFilm: 1 times
thekidsdoctor mentions:
  @michele7962: 2 times
  @JonLewis: 1 times
  @ncarroll: 1 times
  @thekidsdoctor: 1 times
  @tomhestson: 1 times
  @lexmonitor: 1 times
  @cafinancial: 1 times
  @stephenbarnesjr: 1 times
ssiewert mentions:
  @MichFitness: 1 times
cindylou_ mentions:
  @JeansStilettos: 1 times
  @cornostudio: 1 times
  @MtlConcerts: 1 times
  @Audrwey: 1 times
  @melodienelson: 1 times
  @laurentlasalle: 1 times
  @Isatruc: 1 times
  @ericsamson: 1 times
rizzotees mentions:
  @execbp: 1 times
  @STLconciergeGuy: 1 times
  @n3bu1a: 1 times
  @JavaSTL: 1 times
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
carriewtm mentions:
poeticvisionary mentions:
  @Studio222LV: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @12C4: 1 times
  @iMikePayne: 1 times
  @LimousineLAX: 1 times
  @ggraha01: 1 times
  @naturallyknotty: 1 times
  @garrymullen: 1 times
tamaslorincz mentions:
  @Larryferlazzo: 1 times
  @hiannie: 1 times
  @kdwashburn: 1 times
blueholly mentions:
onemomsworld mentions:
  @Oceanisleinn: 1 times
  @BiltmoreEstate: 1 times
  @broyhillinn: 1 times
business901 mentions:
  @VirtualSharon: 1 times
  @2minuteswithava: 1 times
  @JeannineClontz: 1 times
  @niknik: 1 times
  @cyberhomes: 1 times
  @CoachmUpBoni: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @tratel: 1 times
marylandceliac mentions:
  @GMA: 1 times
  @abc: 1 times
  @thenote: 1 times
  @abcdude: 1 times
  @ChrisCuomo: 1 times
  @SamChampion: 1 times
  @abcKateSnow: 1 times
  @GMAWeekend: 1 times
  @DanBHarris: 1 times
  @JakeTapper: 1 times
aopucci mentions:
milliontwits mentions:
  @SapphyNo1: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
karenmaunu_lwb mentions:
  @TalkDoc2: 1 times
keonikim mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @keonikim: 1 times
  @joeltorres: 1 times
  @Zion13: 1 times
  @SherrieKeys: 1 times
  @Mcfixit: 1 times
anitamarchesani mentions:
  @deepwaterscoach: 1 times
  @markhundley: 1 times
stepharc mentions:
  @HeatherinBC: 1 times
  @blm03: 1 times
  @philhart: 1 times
  @tedmurphy: 1 times
  @socialcitizen: 1 times
  @johnraser: 1 times
  @benspark: 1 times
  @murraynewlands: 1 times
  @lauriepooh: 1 times
  @conniefoggles: 1 times
diamondhead94 mentions:
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @diamondhead94: 1 times
patweber mentions:
  @DianaRusso: 1 times
  @CathyDemers: 1 times
pawsville mentions:
  @MiloLabradoodle: 1 times
  @showdownthedog: 1 times
onstate mentions:
  @Origination: 1 times
  @voipwholesale: 1 times
  @sipvoip: 1 times
  @zdnetblogs: 1 times
ivonnemunozmx mentions:
  @specktro: 1 times
knikkolette mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
asknezka mentions:
  @GettyMuseum: 1 times
  @brooklynmuseum: 1 times
  @waltersmuseum: 1 times
  @archaeologymag: 1 times
indiebandfollow mentions:
  @raisedonindie: 1 times
jbaker50 mentions:
  @stix1972: 1 times
  @personalliberty: 1 times
  @travisfitzwater: 1 times
  @marleed: 1 times
  @jeffbassell: 1 times
  @FingersMalloy: 1 times
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @PatriotInExile: 1 times
daftdoki mentions:
  @mubix: 1 times
  @secbarbie: 1 times
  @justinfoster: 1 times
  @tnicholson: 1 times
  @mmurray: 1 times
  @tsudo: 1 times
  @hypatiadotca: 1 times
  @beaker: 1 times
  @dedryzing: 1 times
favier mentions:
  @Audrinaaa: 1 times
  @StaciieLynn: 1 times
  @NicLovesHabs: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
nicolatillin mentions:
  @rorybrown: 1 times
derekshowerman mentions:
  @jeffcutler: 1 times
  @briankraemer: 1 times
  @crbrowning: 1 times
  @akarlin: 1 times
  @alisond: 1 times
  @scottyhendo: 1 times
  @clownface3: 1 times
jackshockley mentions:
  @Candypants2: 1 times
leafiness mentions:
  @buelle: 1 times
thesavvyseller mentions:
  @gypsytrading: 1 times
  @mommytoaaj: 1 times
xstaylor mentions:
  @empiremagazine: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
motiv8td mentions:
  @ChicagoDesign: 1 times
blackfonzie mentions:
  @ironbrandon: 1 times
bahamamama_1 mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @RossArntson: 1 times
  @angellr: 1 times
  @Gmoney52: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @RenAgain: 1 times
sirjohn_writer mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @trueb1tch: 1 times
  @kszernec: 1 times
  @Sirjohnwriter@phodographer: 1 times
  @wilburpup: 1 times
  @APetNannyPlus: 1 times
  @aguadogm: 1 times
  @HRdogtraining: 1 times
  @Serv: 1 times
abranches mentions:
  @rosehawkins: 1 times
  @HippieforEnergy: 1 times
  @earthable: 1 times
  @knowledgenode: 1 times
  @NiemanLab: 1 times
  @jayrosen: 1 times
  @TrendTracker: 1 times
  @kiwimeg: 1 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @jasonpontin: 1 times
dannylavillegas mentions:
  @eightyocho: 1 times
nsparapani mentions:
  @StormsCrafts: 1 times
  @ArtWhims: 1 times
  @Sistersoftmoon: 1 times
  @StudioYte: 1 times
  @roses7184: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @StuStuStudioHot: 1 times
  @Colleba: 1 times
  @justjess: 1 times
  @ByYourSide: 1 times
angelaks4 mentions:
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @victorcina: 1 times
  @fitmenu: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @mooney1: 1 times
  @carinak: 1 times
  @wutl: 1 times
  @calgaryfitness: 1 times
  @suejstu: 1 times
  @miyacom: 1 times
  @JeffRSmall: 1 times
skipstein mentions:
  @katriord: 1 times
ssjenk6 mentions:
  @eInstruction: 1 times
  @taml17: 1 times
  @joelh: 1 times
  @MissHett: 1 times
  @kylepace: 1 times
  @coreydahlevent: 1 times
  @srenatee: 1 times
gemmawent mentions:
  @scozzese: 1 times
  @RossBoy: 1 times
jerryjamesstone mentions:
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 2 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @EdWoodlandTrust: 1 times
johnwarrender mentions:
  @caitlinmoran: 1 times
  @charltonbrooker: 1 times
  @nickjfrost: 1 times
  @catvincent: 1 times
  @fuschiagroan: 1 times
sammehdee mentions:
  @WildMountain: 1 times
galley99 mentions:
  @wilshipley: 1 times
  @Curvyboom: 1 times
  @jessieshmessie: 1 times
  @majah: 1 times
hammershaug mentions:
  @MacGeeky: 1 times
  @mortenrovik: 1 times
  @fredrikth: 1 times
  @arntss1: 1 times
  @TubaRecords: 1 times
  @savioj: 1 times
  @lubbenulv: 1 times
  @henry9: 1 times
  @andrewjking: 1 times
kim721 mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @clubxclusive: 1 times
  @Kim721: 1 times
  @AriC: 1 times
  @Dannigyrl: 1 times
  @AchedDamiman: 1 times
  @jasmine3123: 1 times
  @cthagod: 1 times
newmediaconv mentions:
  @chelbycat: 1 times
  @keshia6: 1 times
  @jenniez: 1 times
  @veganHR: 1 times
  @obxdesignworks: 1 times
  @jamesfrye82: 1 times
  @newmediaconv: 1 times
  @pingtweets: 1 times
bkcyclones mentions:
  @MLBDraft: 1 times
  @fullnelson: 1 times
  @maverick4880: 1 times
  @ShawnWSmith: 1 times
  @xXHazelXx: 1 times
  @ElifromBrooklyn: 1 times
burnttoastdiner mentions:
  @Tarot1: 1 times
  @hornedrims: 1 times
  @loveheroes: 1 times
  @skunkington: 1 times
  @niknine: 1 times
  @thewatchmaker: 1 times
interactiveamy mentions:
  @LisaSabinWilson: 1 times
  @bgardner: 1 times
  @blondishnet: 1 times
  @themarketingguy: 1 times
  @tilly85: 1 times
  @DuongSheahan: 1 times
  @ryanimel: 1 times
  @danschulz: 1 times
  @jpelker: 1 times
mrfrenchie mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
berti140 mentions:
  @seoadsenseman: 1 times
  @planzoneproect: 1 times
pattygale mentions:
iam08 mentions:
  @DamianSixx: 1 times
  @javier4pr: 1 times
  @ambarpr: 1 times
  @tanemi358: 1 times
  @coreanomac: 1 times
  @julioale: 2 times
  @Rmediavilla: 1 times
  @esmandau: 1 times
  @tane883: 1 times
  @asl2spanishterp: 1 times
ati_sdvosb mentions:
  @hwillcox: 1 times
everybodysafe mentions:
  @HRichtfort: 1 times
  @JDGershbein: 1 times
sapient mentions:
  @arghie: 1 times
traciking mentions:
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @traciking: 1 times
  @elainefrenett: 1 times
  @barkworthynews: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @ChristyLA: 1 times
mrrichardson mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
mleis mentions:
  @IDEA09: 1 times
connews mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @jinju0: 1 times
  @wingnut71: 1 times
nickdrumr2 mentions:
  @oleuanna: 1 times
designresources mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
lastoadri mentions:
  @nightS: 1 times
  @effendina: 1 times
  @NanNanista: 1 times
  @simoncolumbus: 1 times
  @KyleChristie: 1 times
  @ircpresident: 1 times
  @3arabawy: 1 times
  @3ashry: 1 times
theweissguy mentions:
  @awesomekong: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
  @BeckyBuckwild: 1 times
  @FrankMaresca: 1 times
  @SuicideGirls: 1 times
  @JeremyBorash: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
  @diablocody: 1 times
  @drdrew: 1 times
  @EthanSuplee: 1 times
cowboyjdanos mentions:
  @SLegard: 1 times
  @COWBOYJDANOSmy: 1 times
timothycaron mentions:
  @advocareV100: 1 times
  @bible4success: 1 times
  @independencebwl: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @protectURassets: 1 times
garryparkes mentions:
  @arunsays: 1 times
  @Sravizhere: 1 times
  @milcom: 1 times
  @avijitsharma: 1 times
  @submono: 1 times
  @GarryParkes: 1 times
  @rizwaniqbal: 1 times
wealthcruise mentions:
  @CandlesbyTasha: 1 times
  @HubSpot: 1 times
  @webook: 1 times
  @4Walls: 1 times
  @BENDYELEPHANT: 1 times
hoodtech mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @Getconfident: 1 times
  @gijswijs: 1 times
  @girlj67: 1 times
  @GirlMeetsWine: 1 times
  @giselle2323: 1 times
  @hoodtech: 1 times
  @HotAmishChick: 1 times
actionbusiness mentions:
  @Jojet: 1 times
  @autografik: 1 times
weirdnj mentions:
  @bluenikol: 1 times
debramorrison mentions:
  @juliesalgado: 1 times
  @JacquelineGates: 1 times
  @debramorrison: 1 times
  @HeatherColey: 1 times
  @jcloake: 1 times
  @Lenaistewart: 1 times
  @kimshahan: 1 times
  @jodonahue: 1 times
r0xii mentions:
  @alice: 1 times
  @blindcripple: 1 times
  @angel21: 1 times
  @PsycoSquirrel: 1 times
  @Blondore: 1 times
  @acidicice: 1 times
  @darwinshome: 1 times
stix1972 mentions:
  @theloon: 1 times
  @US7thFleet: 1 times
  @USEUCOM: 1 times
  @USAFBand: 1 times
  @USJFCOM: 1 times
  @AFISRAgency: 1 times
  @PacificCommand: 1 times
  @MaxwellAFB: 1 times
crystalerain mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
cspenn mentions:
princessdi161 mentions:
  @TheEnglishRose: 1 times
  @mikma: 1 times
  @DeviLizious: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @qiranger: 1 times
  @Samproof: 1 times
  @grimacetv: 1 times
  @K80Blog: 1 times
  @olgakay: 1 times
  @bikermom69: 1 times
  @reyeuro: 1 times
owengerrard mentions:
  @lesanto: 1 times
max_e_silver mentions:
tribeats mentions:
  @flourgrrrl: 1 times
drigoteixeira mentions:
  @AApps: 1 times
  @ia: 1 times
r3s3rvo1rd0g mentions:
  @vinatero: 1 times
  @LilMsSweetness: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @MKEWired: 1 times
bgreen mentions:
  @tellman: 1 times
  @johnmorgan: 1 times
  @markjoyner: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @ryanlee: 1 times
  @yaniksilver: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @russellbrunson: 1 times
twine007 mentions:
  @bnoblitt: 1 times
  @boredgirl260: 1 times
  @BOTeleprompter: 1 times
  @BrowncoatMage: 1 times
  @CalBerkeley: 1 times
  @CCMachine: 1 times
  @ChelseaBarnett: 1 times
  @clobrien: 1 times
  @Colleen84: 1 times
vhaveterans mentions:
  @PVA1946: 1 times
  @DAVHQ: 1 times
  @wwpinc: 1 times
daria67 mentions:
  @robertgould: 1 times
burdoc mentions:
  @doodleplum: 1 times
  @mszwispers: 1 times
  @mzlani125: 1 times
  @rixkewl: 1 times
justmepammy mentions:
  @kneedeep: 1 times
  @TammyMunson: 1 times
stephencthomas mentions:
  @ShireenFreeman: 1 times
big_diel mentions:
  @JohnBlack: 2 times
  @parksdesign: 1 times
  @texaseducation: 1 times
  @bigdiel: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @swellyn: 1 times
lonestartrailer mentions:
  @bubblesmusic: 1 times
  @bobham: 1 times
  @DJGhostUSA: 1 times
  @thethinkytank: 1 times
  @3ohtree: 1 times
  @masmod: 1 times
  @prophetnoise: 1 times
  @zaffino: 1 times
  @grindthieves: 1 times
  @vaerna: 1 times
  @binaryfx: 1 times
corinnebailey mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
tmip mentions:
  @philliesnation: 1 times
g_stackz718 mentions:
  @WavyNick: 1 times
  @MRZCAMERA: 2 times
  @WAVYNICK: 1 times
  @DJMRKOOLGUY: 1 times
  @THEREALJNOM: 1 times
  @RICKNYCE: 1 times
  @XMUSICALLYXKEYZ: 1 times
kleemoon mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
brucecarlson mentions:
  @leahita: 1 times
  @jazzlover: 1 times
  @monedays: 1 times
  @MeghanMBiro: 1 times
missrenee mentions:
  @ccmmagazine: 1 times
jasoncolby mentions:
  @robsheridan: 1 times
colocelt mentions:
kathiischen mentions:
davidburke mentions:
  @fsphotography: 1 times
floydkim mentions:
  @TJsDJs: 1 times
  @coolnerdgav: 1 times
  @StarLITpr: 1 times
  @Fionabloom: 1 times
viciadocinematv mentions:
  @JonFavreau: 1 times
sonnypike mentions:
  @wossy: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
kikolani mentions:
  @mikehts: 1 times
  @mnalin: 1 times
  @techjaws: 1 times
  @jenwag57: 1 times
  @peterliu47: 1 times
jeslikeme mentions:
  @cokeman777: 1 times
  @Jeslikeme: 1 times
1heart1bullet mentions:
  @leannedolby: 1 times
  @1heart1bullet: 1 times
  @paulocoehlo: 1 times
  @appiphany: 1 times
merttol mentions:
  @mrrichardson: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
pink_lovechild mentions:
  @SuperMom0510: 1 times
  @JrSprite: 1 times
  @LadyDutchess: 1 times
  @SHIMODELS: 1 times
  @PrettyNesha: 1 times
  @NinaSoSarafina: 1 times
  @PinkLoveChild: 1 times
bestroofer mentions:
  @charbrown: 1 times
  @lizlynch: 1 times
  @monicaobrien: 1 times
  @danschawbel: 1 times
  @Rynge: 1 times
  @katiekonrath: 1 times
  @BeverlyMacy: 1 times
ned_c mentions:
  @CPATrendlines: 1 times
  @willardcmorgan3: 1 times
  @cfocoach: 1 times
  @corpfincafe: 1 times
  @CFOWise: 1 times
  @retheauditors: 1 times
  @cfopub: 1 times
  @yourowncfo: 1 times
my_name_is_mark mentions:
  @sockmonkeymax: 1 times
  @JonathanAB: 1 times
sueb_ mentions:
  @Drolgerg: 1 times
  @JAZZII3love: 1 times
  @dijo98: 1 times
  @hunnibeez: 1 times
ravenatic mentions:
  @forcerdj: 1 times
  @andywhitby: 1 times
  @alexross: 1 times
  @ChrisPitcher: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @LeeUHF: 1 times
  @JAKAZiD: 1 times
  @RoisinMcK: 1 times
  @producercafe: 1 times
slegard mentions:
  @MamaBee4: 1 times
  @SLegard: 1 times
futureproject_ mentions:
  @HorneyMedia: 1 times
drewmclellan mentions:
  @nathanwright: 1 times
  @bretttrout: 1 times
  @clairecelsi: 1 times
  @mikesansone: 1 times
jazzman0711 mentions:
  @hitrecordjoe: 1 times
  @celebassistant: 1 times
  @bonitapattinson: 1 times
  @shelleytheshy: 1 times
  @benballer: 1 times
  @moneymarkdiggla: 1 times
  @palone68: 1 times
  @SPRINGSTOFF: 1 times
jessmanocchio mentions:
  @MarkRaganCEO: 1 times
  @PRjobs: 1 times
  @PRtini: 1 times
  @VallonAllan: 1 times
  @PRCourtneyQ: 1 times
  @newsnerd: 1 times
  @erbear83: 1 times
  @PRsarahevans: 1 times
  @seemabm: 1 times
  @mckenn52: 1 times
betty_x mentions:
  @narntweet: 1 times
adamjschmidt mentions:
  @CTVoter2010: 1 times
  @EWall: 1 times
  @CarolinaRedd: 1 times
stockbabe mentions:
  @tradinggoddess: 1 times
  @eupdates: 1 times
  @polticstwitt: 1 times
  @tweetteacher: 1 times
  @charttweets: 1 times
  @playbigstocks: 1 times
jackkempers mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @jackkempers: 1 times
  @Jonriely: 1 times
  @TaylorRoyce: 1 times
  @nandoism: 1 times
  @packers4: 1 times
  @luisgalarza: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @RuthLess1: 1 times
  @Rabbi: 1 times
wild949 mentions:
  @jvsworld: 1 times
  @christie: 1 times
  @jonmanuel: 1 times
dbenoliel mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @techcrunch: 1 times
phoenixbelle mentions:
crash905 mentions:
  @mileycyrus: 1 times
joeyvesh13 mentions:
  @Suziepassa: 1 times
naoij mentions:
  @waynemarkle: 1 times
caplinrous mentions:
  @alansmitheejp: 1 times
  @milolabradoodle: 1 times
  @ifpetscouldtype: 1 times
  @sewfetching: 1 times
  @vee007: 1 times
  @sierrapug: 1 times
  @heidiblobaum: 1 times
  @widgetwidget: 1 times
  @louloulou: 1 times
discomaulvi mentions:
  @ammaryasir: 1 times
prosperitygal mentions:
  @hlooman: 1 times
nosetu mentions:
  @aristocat123: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @nosetu: 1 times
webspecialist mentions:
  @AmyStephen: 1 times
  @Mootools: 1 times
  @davidwalshblog: 1 times
  @mootools: 1 times
juliejulie mentions:
  @MediaLizzy: 1 times
  @MaeganCarberry: 1 times
  @AmandaCarpenter: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @PinkElephantPun: 1 times
  @JulieJulie: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
summerfly1 mentions:
  @DonCrowther: 1 times
palingirl mentions:
  @morticia626: 1 times
bighit15 mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
djlouieray mentions:
  @MollyJ87: 2 times
  @DJLouieRay: 1 times
  @BishImmaStar: 1 times
pastaprimavera mentions:
  @gimmetinnitus: 1 times
  @peterdragontail: 1 times
  @DoursEndormi: 1 times
  @chrisbachmann: 1 times
  @MFRian: 1 times
  @samtaters: 1 times
  @dumpkopf: 1 times
  @spigotZ: 1 times
  @brightestyoung: 1 times
judi6o9 mentions:
  @TheJobConcierge: 1 times
  @IAMTCOOK: 1 times
  @JoLynnHawthorne: 1 times
  @freeonlineradio: 1 times
  @HarloBelle: 2 times
  @TMOTTGoGo: 1 times
  @dabreakradio: 1 times
  @GotSoul: 1 times
eric82b4 mentions:
  @4play2nite: 1 times
hahakseth mentions:
  @dennisbest: 1 times
  @hahakseth: 1 times
laurent_fintoni mentions:
  @MjaBradshaw: 1 times
akaseltzer mentions:
  @chadengle: 1 times
tinydogsrule mentions:
  @LisaDee123: 1 times
  @FindMyDog: 1 times
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @ChihuahuaBlog: 1 times
  @AnimalPlanet: 1 times
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
seaslugs mentions:
  @rmindler: 1 times
  @rlesebergFollowFriday: 1 times
  @seaslugs: 1 times
  @lilsis1957: 1 times
  @quotes4u: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @YODspica: 1 times
  @PresidentMega: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @GraffBeatz: 1 times
jamiescomputers mentions:
  @Tuesdaytweetup: 1 times
fuelinggood2009 mentions:
  @kanter: 1 times
chronicpainfree mentions:
  @healyourself: 1 times
cinetuyoymio mentions:
  @lesliesimpson: 1 times
legendsacademy mentions:
  @SpiroA: 1 times
  @WSOP: 1 times
  @RealKidPoker: 1 times
  @LegendsAcademy: 1 times
  @TexDolly: 1 times
  @joesebok: 1 times
  @ToddBrunson: 1 times
  @RealAnnieDuke: 1 times
  @PokerRoadNation: 1 times
katieskreations mentions:
  @bibs4dripsyou: 1 times
  @KatiesKreations: 1 times
  @Mom17: 1 times
  @BunniesNBuggies: 1 times
  @eddyizm: 1 times
  @papercraftsbyk: 1 times
  @VetrinaGirl: 1 times
blisstree mentions:
  @marijked: 1 times
  @PeggyR: 1 times
  @henglish: 1 times
  @camichelle: 1 times
  @butterflysnbees: 1 times
  @mizcc: 1 times
  @thriftymommy: 1 times
  @itsabouttea: 1 times
  @brrbach: 1 times
  @bubbleshop: 1 times
supaswag mentions:
  @toddmintz: 1 times
  @milwaukeeseo: 1 times
  @leeodden: 1 times
  @rustybrick: 1 times
  @technosailor: 1 times
  @sugarrae: 1 times
  @DaveNaylor: 1 times
  @steveplunkett: 1 times
  @oilman: 1 times
razorbloggers mentions:
  @bmarcello: 1 times
  @wholehogsports: 1 times
  @hogradio: 1 times
  @NWAOnlineHogs: 1 times
  @HOGZONE: 1 times
  @SportsTalkwBo: 1 times
  @ArkRazorbacks: 1 times
  @CWS2009: 1 times
glitzyevents mentions:
  @aquarianbath: 2 times
  @SandisTs: 1 times
  @bettyrefour: 1 times
  @lindab142: 1 times
  @herbanlifestyle: 1 times
  @southpawstudios: 1 times
talkingbeans mentions:
  @greenandhealthy: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
jennylicious18 mentions:
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @petersagal: 1 times
  @JakeBarnes: 1 times
cocoandbreezy mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @MartyBTV: 1 times
  @ldunlimited: 1 times
  @cocoandbreezy: 1 times
  @darealTinaT: 1 times
  @LilMya: 1 times
ed1nh0 mentions:
somechum mentions:
  @threefourteen: 1 times
vimel mentions:
  @JeanieHollon: 1 times
hunkydoryhome mentions:
  @pieceofcoving: 1 times
bitslaw mentions:
  @MsMartinez2you: 1 times
  @UKTV2C: 1 times
  @skutech: 1 times
  @AppleIMind: 1 times
  @agrullonws: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @smaknewsWhy: 1 times
pipia mentions:
  @LuisBento: 1 times
  @maufeitioblog: 1 times
  @Maufeitioblog: 1 times
cdyer mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
cherthewriter mentions:
  @mistymeeks: 1 times
  @earthrangers: 1 times
  @michellel: 1 times
  @aeringuy: 1 times
  @briansant: 1 times
  @randomdeanna: 1 times
  @ericsquair: 1 times
  @bekamop: 1 times
  @lisimon: 1 times
  @bohemianlite: 1 times
icelandelf mentions:
  @mariovinas: 1 times
  @icelandelf: 1 times
mossinterest mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @warriortactics: 1 times
  @HemalRadiaRT: 1 times
  @IntriguingDsFollowFriday: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
majasmiling mentions:
  @sdesic: 2 times
  @Bluenscottish: 2 times
  @macsharp: 1 times
  @MajaSmiling: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
divacoachdabney mentions:
  @anitacharlot: 1 times
  @divacoachdabney: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
johnmartinez mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @yapp3r: 1 times
  @justananomaly: 1 times
  @jeffdc5: 1 times
  @screwdini: 1 times
  @benb24: 1 times
  @chiweets: 1 times
niteskolar mentions:
  @YasminShiraz: 1 times
garyware mentions:
  @MeganLeap: 1 times
  @justintalerico: 1 times
  @bgcboston: 1 times
  @mediatrustpete: 1 times
  @sallymacnc: 1 times
  @garyware: 1 times
  @ppcproz: 1 times
geoffcox mentions:
  @steveplunkett: 1 times
  @clydeboom: 1 times
larisabelliveau mentions:
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
markdgibson mentions:
  @ZoeZenCreations: 1 times
  @SteveMcAuliffe: 1 times
  @marthad1: 1 times
  @5wa: 1 times
  @purdyz: 1 times
  @AMG22: 1 times
  @BigGtwittin: 1 times
  @beowolf01: 1 times
  @OneVeritas: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
sarahruthtaylor mentions:
  @KarlLagerfeld: 1 times
quoneshateope mentions:
  @silixell: 1 times
  @QuoneshaTeope: 1 times
  @Scottish01: 1 times
  @nolimitsforme: 1 times
  @pamkayks: 1 times
  @gquaye: 1 times
  @lifeinthegalaxy: 1 times
  @GoalsCoach: 1 times
michpositive mentions:
  @DeltaTwpLibrary: 1 times
  @seekingmichigan: 1 times
jasliveshealthy mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
ashleygraceless mentions:
  @acappellabooks: 1 times
mikey_clarkie mentions:
  @KrystalSim: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @hashmovie: 1 times
  @Imastranger: 1 times
  @loopmovie: 1 times
  @JBMovies: 1 times
  @ysbrant: 1 times
  @cinequix: 1 times
  @WesternXTheShow: 1 times
  @indiemoviemaker: 1 times
bigced mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @sistagp: 1 times
  @MsLizziA: 1 times
  @CarnellUNYC: 1 times
  @IndustryCosign: 1 times
azizshalan mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @aaronbyrnes: 1 times
  @Azizshalan: 1 times
  @blove212: 1 times
  @lisakifttherapy: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
bexter2001 mentions:
  @midnightmovies: 1 times
  @shadisade: 1 times
  @darktess: 1 times
  @decoursey: 1 times
  @southwestscreen: 1 times
  @wshed: 1 times
  @liveforfilms: 1 times
  @cinemasuicide: 1 times
ghettomanga mentions:
  @itsjustgoldie: 1 times
  @Omagus: 1 times
  @jacintahoward: 1 times
  @guerillamilk: 1 times
  @goldigold: 1 times
  @sh3ldon: 1 times
  @PurpleZoe: 1 times
willardcmorgan3 mentions:
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @CAREEREALISM: 1 times
  @SpinStrategy: 1 times
  @DailyCareerTips: 1 times
  @imjustagoyle: 1 times
  @ValueIntoWords: 1 times
  @NoddlePlace: 1 times
jimquillen mentions:
delight_com mentions:
  @virtuallori: 1 times
  @nikimurray: 1 times
  @modlandUSA: 1 times
  @32FlavorsPR: 1 times
  @DelightJenny: 1 times
  @DelightLynne: 1 times
sosoulrnb mentions:
  @webmotiva: 1 times
  @garotasemfio: 1 times
  @LeandroGuri: 1 times
  @osmala: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @lecocarvalho: 1 times
  @famadas: 1 times
  @pelirroja: 1 times
  @babyscratch: 1 times
  @elciocoronato: 1 times
buttonnosebotiq mentions:
  @learningtower: 1 times
  @QueenVal: 1 times
  @ggscloset: 1 times
  @BunniesNBuggies: 1 times
  @SavvyAuntie: 1 times
  @ThriftyJinxy: 1 times
nuttychris mentions:
  @arvindsharma: 1 times
eyglo mentions:
  @ItxiItx: 2 times
  @DirtyBadger: 1 times
  @PaulaMacKay: 1 times
teamharpstar mentions:
  @CHOWcom: 1 times
  @bonappetitmag: 1 times
  @cookbook: 1 times
ddsnorth mentions:
  @rebelscott: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @planthealer: 1 times
  @java4two: 1 times
dadoc04 mentions:
  @candy: 1 times
  @RevvsF1: 1 times
  @Consulting: 1 times
  @SEOULSTYLE: 1 times
  @alexandrakeller: 1 times
  @djm2: 1 times
  @DaDoc04: 1 times
  @ParanormalScot: 1 times
  @Pinkis4gangstas: 1 times
  @Kleesellshomes: 1 times
mcwebmaster mentions:
  @Lileks: 1 times
  @ITMRIrecruiter: 1 times
  @medicinecabinet: 1 times
  @peterpek: 1 times
ksalerno mentions:
  @ucfbusiness: 1 times
  @ucfnewsroom: 1 times
  @ksalerno: 1 times
  @seansnaith: 1 times
raquel_villar mentions:
  @Carqdesign: 1 times
  @nfratantonio: 1 times
  @kaisaisabel: 1 times
  @raquelvillar: 1 times
jimware mentions:
  @BruceBrownNC: 1 times
golfersmommy mentions:
  @SimpleStencils: 1 times
  @Golfersmommy: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @feltonthefly: 1 times
  @trendytykes: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @thegoodlife2009: 1 times
  @Tfashionista: 1 times
  @waystos: 1 times
artedeb mentions:
  @whatswithinu: 1 times
  @ponet: 1 times
  @MimiNow: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @ArteDeb: 1 times
krazylegs6 mentions:
  @krazylegs6: 1 times
bodyforwife mentions:
  @mrrocknroll: 1 times
barkzilla mentions:
  @barkworthynews: 1 times
authenticcoast mentions:
  @thetripchicks: 1 times
apatheticzodiac mentions:
  @deemary: 1 times
  @FntasticElastic: 1 times
  @greatcorbinski: 1 times
  @greenalgae: 1 times
  @gurlloncloud9: 1 times
  @hamsterkitten: 1 times
  @HelpYouWell: 1 times
  @hungryzombie: 1 times
  @iggyp: 1 times
bittercracker mentions:
  @tyrese4real: 1 times
  @pbateman: 1 times
lessthanittakes mentions:
  @StLCardsGuy: 1 times
thebrewclub mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
cjwest mentions:
  @KristenLambTX: 1 times
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @dkrobbins: 1 times
  @golfnovels: 1 times
tombrenneman mentions:
  @maratom: 1 times
kevincooper mentions:
  @buildthemup: 1 times
  @DavidMarshallJR: 1 times
  @NickCarnes: 1 times
  @Kevincooper: 1 times
  @Nickfloyd: 1 times
  @JayCaruso: 1 times
  @tracesmith: 1 times
  @chrisrivers: 1 times
grailseeker mentions:
  @JanisSharp: 1 times
  @Professoryard: 1 times
frankcanzolino mentions:
  @kevincrosson: 1 times
drewwilliams27 mentions:
  @gtvone: 1 times
  @drewwilliams27: 1 times
morticia626 mentions:
andreaschoice mentions:
  @DAMMIT360: 1 times
  @AndreasChoice: 1 times
  @tamesha2009: 1 times
  @annspade: 1 times
  @loveshanay: 1 times
  @brittanyn112: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
ginalu84 mentions:
  @billsimmers: 1 times
woley mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @mmillberry: 1 times
  @woley: 1 times
  @ToddGilmore: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
  @random8: 1 times
  @AngieBrumley: 1 times
  @Acerebel: 1 times
  @SherriT4Tulsa: 1 times
  @MissJaxson: 1 times
  @hwall: 1 times
nisssamsi mentions:
  @skydiver: 1 times
  @scifri: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
karenmclain mentions:
  @CowgirlJP: 1 times
  @KarenMcLain: 1 times
  @4states: 1 times
  @CherylHarless: 1 times
  @Lavsage: 1 times
  @WalkingHorse: 1 times
  @sarahtymeson: 1 times
  @Chris1956tian: 1 times
dianenadeau mentions:
  @kinaze: 1 times
  @cindyrivard: 1 times
tamisara mentions:
  @ghostJago: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @Liturgy: 1 times
  @MelMenzies: 1 times
  @SarahAnnGreen: 1 times
wdwblog mentions:
brandyellen mentions:
  @ParkerMama: 1 times
  @denisenorthern: 1 times
  @Shash: 1 times
  @MsGJones: 1 times
  @CVSCares: 1 times
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @brandyellen: 1 times
brennaelise mentions:
  @rocklandusa: 1 times
  @paigeworthy: 1 times
  @knoxchallenger: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @bransondesigns: 1 times
  @gavinbaker: 1 times
dominifinch mentions:
  @TheBradSherwood: 1 times
  @GregProops: 1 times
  @notcolinmochrie: 1 times
  @waynebrady: 1 times
joannebarton mentions:
ratmando mentions:
  @crispysea: 1 times
  @Monkfishy: 1 times
  @mikejmartin: 1 times
  @GrandmaSheila: 1 times
  @chayce: 1 times
  @PoisonTheMonkey: 1 times
  @PhilGresham: 1 times
  @June4th: 1 times
  @Cultsha: 1 times
  @denyreligion: 1 times
lucianobargmann mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
casseracomm mentions:
  @savorthesuccess: 1 times
  @scottbradley: 1 times
  @tpentrepreneur: 1 times
  @socialbees: 1 times
  @jtumayoung: 1 times
xerocube mentions:
  @yassa: 1 times
  @MLONF: 1 times
  @WhiteHowler: 1 times
  @DAXKODave: 1 times
  @griner: 1 times
  @hodgman: 1 times
malevolentlala mentions:
  @2legs: 1 times
  @Footbacon: 1 times
  @TrinTrag: 1 times
  @Neuro100: 1 times
saronti mentions:
  @AlMcGourlay: 1 times
  @saronti: 1 times
missmoss mentions:
  @dailycoyote: 1 times
followtq mentions:
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @FiveKnife: 1 times
  @FollowTQ: 1 times
  @freeadviceSea: 1 times
  @frkygeek: 1 times
  @FunkeyFlashBack: 1 times
vesselinatp mentions:
  @joemercury: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @VesselinaTP: 1 times
  @LovLesmile: 1 times
  @cynthia2054: 1 times
  @mahaffy: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @JimmyMcIver: 1 times
  @laura5y: 1 times
mothballcharlie mentions:
  @scrapstudio: 1 times
  @barbhogan: 1 times
  @hkoenigsfeld: 1 times
  @MonicaRicci: 1 times
  @LiveInspired: 1 times
falfero mentions:
  @140cl: 1 times
  @panxodj: 1 times
spacecrazed mentions:
  @AeroTweets: 1 times
  @spacetweeps: 1 times
pcornqueen mentions:
  @PodCastRob: 1 times
  @raphaelmaiajr: 1 times
  @thomasraukamp: 1 times
  @theelusivedj: 1 times
  @vegaswholesale: 1 times
siliconwolf mentions:
  @RichardDawkins: 1 times
imnotablank mentions:
  @healthinsgal: 1 times
  @lukfrost: 1 times
  @howrudeareyou: 1 times
  @davidswinney: 1 times
  @cultigraphic: 1 times
  @cynicalredhead: 1 times
  @webprgirl: 1 times
ergeekgoddess mentions:
  @LauraGuthrie: 1 times
w00drabbit mentions:
  @fjg75: 1 times
nnstephens mentions:
  @chastity9308: 1 times
mandamilmo mentions:
  @drwalkerrph: 1 times
  @Druggist1982@ToddEury: 1 times
  @cochranmarc@MANDAMILMO: 1 times
  @Pharmacistmike@driescronje: 1 times
  @jameed: 1 times
katyhomanick mentions:
  @GretchenMensing: 1 times
  @MichFitness: 1 times
sageeb mentions:
  @filos: 1 times
  @idokius: 1 times
msjenniewalker mentions:
  @heykim: 1 times
  @msjenniewalker: 1 times
carlnyc mentions:
  @Naoij: 1 times
johnmijac mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
missshan mentions:
  @bengcotton: 1 times
  @cjthomason: 1 times
  @jumblejim: 1 times
  @karimzreik: 1 times
  @MelanieMerkosky: 1 times
  @SBookstaver: 1 times
  @sweetbabyliebs: 1 times
klewellyn mentions:
  @farmersalmanac: 1 times
tara_r mentions:
  @Mrs4444: 1 times
  @MartinFitz: 1 times
  @msdingo: 1 times
  @enderFP: 1 times
  @DonMillsDiva: 1 times
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @MommysMartini: 1 times
  @secretagentmama: 1 times
  @sthrnfairytale: 1 times
grpetsupply mentions:
  @spiritnova: 1 times
shaunocallaghan mentions:
  @gvaro: 1 times
  @furuknap: 1 times
  @mrackley: 1 times
  @MrIsaac: 1 times
  @aemacaulay: 1 times
  @usher: 1 times
  @jthake: 1 times
mallinotte mentions:
  @Riskin: 2 times
  @econwriter5: 1 times
  @MAllinotte: 1 times
  @shrivercenter: 1 times
  @sunlightnetwork: 1 times
  @accesstojustice: 1 times
mikesansone mentions:
  @darrenmonroe: 1 times
sdharlow mentions:
  @digitalgangster: 1 times
wordsbybob mentions:
  @bsnyder: 1 times
  @beadster: 1 times
  @dwerbick: 1 times
thegam310 mentions:
  @xflangex: 1 times
  @robtot: 1 times
  @stewii09: 1 times
  @ruslan11: 1 times
  @sjt323: 1 times
  @tinafey: 1 times
asexynyfemale mentions:
  @MiZzCHaOtic: 1 times
  @angiemartinez: 1 times
  @asexynyfemale: 1 times
  @BabyBoyDante: 1 times
  @bksmarvelous1: 1 times
  @Blackbillgatez: 1 times
  @Bronzebuttafly: 1 times
  @BurberryBoi: 1 times
fleurdeleigh mentions:
  @lauriehardy: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
standtrooper mentions:
  @thereddianthus: 1 times
  @arthurfontes: 1 times
  @mojabunni: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @imsure: 1 times
prflipside mentions:
  @DigitalDiva107: 1 times
stylemom mentions:
  @StaceeAmos: 1 times
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @azprgal: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @StayFitGirl: 1 times
alisonheld mentions:
  @ccnetworks: 1 times
fl_f mentions:
  @idegasperi: 1 times
  @webmotiva: 1 times
  @globulo: 1 times
  @cherman: 1 times
  @dauroveras: 1 times
  @dolci: 1 times
  @samytavares: 1 times
  @tiagomx: 1 times
  @lossio: 1 times
  @marciovolki: 1 times
  @karennovochadIo: 1 times
themilehighfan mentions:
  @Denveratlast: 1 times
roberthay mentions:
  @skibumbrian777: 1 times
  @dollsandmagic: 1 times
jpatrick23 mentions:
  @SereneBalance: 1 times
journey1kmiles mentions:
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @AstroMike: 1 times
tomf80 mentions:
  @twilightingirl: 1 times
  @tomf80: 1 times
  @BayBDoll: 1 times
thalhimer mentions:
  @AKBizSense: 1 times
  @FredBizBrowser: 1 times
  @ICSC: 1 times
  @rvabusiness: 1 times
  @HYPErichmond: 1 times
kylemunson mentions:
  @trentreznor: 1 times
kenhesser mentions:
  @jimpap: 1 times
  @jaytite: 1 times
  @dawntraverso: 1 times
  @reimlaw: 1 times
  @bryceschmidt: 1 times
  @weddingplanner1: 1 times
  @angrymarks: 1 times
  @aaronclaverie: 1 times
  @pascellelyon: 1 times
  @theamericool: 1 times
msn86 mentions:
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @ecopond: 1 times
blue_cat_online mentions:
  @ThePuma35: 1 times
vonbourbon mentions:
  @shakeitdoll: 1 times
pork_chop mentions:
  @Allyxwithlove: 1 times
tangokjewelry mentions:
  @quacks5: 1 times
ttpoet mentions:
  @wishnie@TheDogWalker@WebVetcom@Calli@thebookguy: 1 times
silsb33 mentions:
  @manatmouse: 1 times
  @ToTheMoon: 1 times
  @technorulez: 1 times
  @haxis01: 1 times
  @themocks: 1 times
  @tigerinthedark: 1 times
  @jbeezy00: 1 times
  @BreatheSuccexy: 1 times
chantelrhodes mentions:
  @shawnwalker@aconstantransit: 1 times
  @TonyHoney: 1 times
  @juleso: 1 times
  @chantelrhodes: 1 times
  @antyfreeman: 1 times
  @TheBastardGent: 1 times
  @jAyIzMeE: 1 times
  @PORCELAINISLOVE: 1 times
georgestrust mentions:
  @HTreasureTrails: 1 times
  @sd751202: 1 times
  @Joner: 1 times
  @TheHuntley: 1 times
  @HillierGardens: 1 times
  @AbbeyChoir: 1 times
  @Top10Causes: 1 times
  @SophieWilkinson: 1 times
santafetraveler mentions:
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
mhwright mentions:
  @HandymanNetwork: 1 times
acsboston mentions:
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
sarisam mentions:
  @aselina: 1 times
  @detrick: 1 times
crypticfragment mentions:
  @Courtney182: 1 times
  @EdenSol: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @GrowWear: 1 times
  @jaguarjulie: 1 times
  @Sweetnote: 1 times
dianaennen mentions:
  @LesleyPyle: 1 times
  @kim32degrees: 1 times
  @mommymillionair: 1 times
  @DianaEnnen: 1 times
  @xargirlx: 1 times
  @hollyhanna: 1 times
mercedeslv mentions:
  @CranberryPerson: 1 times
sassylynx mentions:
  @wealthbabes: 1 times
  @sandragil: 1 times
  @francksecret: 1 times
  @amandasteadman@rogerhamilton: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
  @gencia: 1 times
  @Sassylynx: 1 times
  @mikesouthon: 1 times
greenandhealthy mentions:
  @knowgreen: 1 times
  @safercans: 1 times
  @gogogavigan: 1 times
  @smartmama: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @goodguide: 1 times
  @icount4myearth: 1 times
  @thecanaryreport: 1 times
  @healthychild: 1 times
watchthegap mentions:
  @plainbananas: 1 times
  @DarlingDazzles: 1 times
  @debsdesigns401: 1 times
albrightdc mentions:
  @gregorian: 1 times
  @britishpat: 1 times
  @DCbigpappa: 1 times
  @stevensberry: 1 times
  @ChefTeddy: 1 times
  @demgirl: 1 times
  @brentdc: 1 times
  @JSheffield1: 1 times
  @arsurfas: 1 times
  @jrwadsworth18: 1 times
eisbrennerpr mentions:
  @ssiewert: 1 times
  @FrancoPRGroup: 1 times
  @EisbrennerPR: 1 times
  @mwadvocacy: 1 times
  @identitypr: 1 times
jameshancox mentions:
  @secretagentmama: 1 times
  @MERutherford: 1 times
  @ResourcefulMom: 1 times
  @meghuber: 1 times
  @VOLOforDRBC: 1 times
  @Maria0305: 1 times
  @Joeprah: 1 times
  @grace134: 1 times
  @AgentSpyMonkey: 1 times
kandidkimberly mentions:
  @howertonwooten: 1 times
  @kandidkimberly: 1 times
  @LindaHeathNH: 1 times
  @rifferaff: 1 times
virtualhires mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @minetheforce: 1 times
  @TennilleP: 1 times
  @dharmacharya: 1 times
  @virtualhires: 1 times
eddie_smith mentions:
  @meepbobeep: 1 times
peoplepets mentions:
  @CentralBarkFL: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @petmd: 1 times
  @PurrfectOne: 1 times
  @MarthaStewart: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @pawsatlanta: 1 times
  @doggytrain: 1 times
  @peoplemag: 1 times
ctham mentions:
  @mizhalle: 1 times
  @Wolfgang: 1 times
  @mizhelle: 1 times
rslosek mentions:
  @RobertZ: 1 times
  @russsocialnet: 1 times
  @molyneux66: 1 times
  @LePetitSquare: 1 times
miss_leann mentions:
  @maestro: 1 times
creationswheart mentions:
  @GeorgiaPistolis: 1 times
vikingc21 mentions:
  @JustBeAuthentic: 1 times
beedivine mentions:
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @timbury: 1 times
hmbascom mentions:
  @applicants: 1 times
  @PhotogNews: 1 times
  @mhamiltonart: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @democracynow: 1 times
  @DittoWatch: 1 times
stevenzimm mentions:
  @ShoqOH: 1 times
fireon mentions:
karlkovacs mentions:
  @Tymlee: 1 times
mendozam mentions:
  @gypsytradingThe: 1 times
  @auctionwally: 1 times
  @attheboutiue1: 1 times
  @BrightBlessings: 1 times
thomasjfox mentions:
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
  @IowaFinance: 1 times
  @Gspartridge76: 1 times
  @MattJabs: 1 times
  @CreditMatters: 1 times
  @daniellemmiller: 1 times
  @lizweston: 1 times
  @GetOutOfDebtGuy: 1 times
  @kellibgrant: 1 times
victorthu mentions:
  @rosehwang: 1 times
sm007hie mentions:
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @dlayphoto: 1 times
  @EricDLCruz: 1 times
  @jesseluna: 1 times
  @thedrich: 1 times
  @dronsayro: 1 times
  @davidhoang: 1 times
divacowgirl mentions:
  @AnnAgain66: 1 times
  @KimRobison: 1 times
  @wildfirebelle: 1 times
  @torie007: 1 times
lantrnfinancial mentions:
  @lantrnfinancial: 1 times
  @BostonBudget: 1 times
janinesimmons mentions:
  @PrintNYC: 1 times
swingtastic mentions:
  @HardcoreNSFW: 1 times
  @Penthouse: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @intimatelife: 1 times
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @icumonstuff: 1 times
  @Nelson83: 1 times
  @OWow: 1 times
  @Gotjuicygirl: 1 times
eternalesme mentions:
  @GuardianRenata: 1 times
  @CorinVolturi: 1 times
  @Italyburns: 1 times
  @MarcusVolturi: 1 times
  @FelixVolturi: 1 times
blazingtorch mentions:
leslieroark mentions:
  @CorinnaHoffman: 1 times
  @UrsulaGraham: 1 times
  @ariellebekerman: 1 times
  @memoriesbymicha: 1 times
  @CourtneyCraver: 1 times
cdorobek mentions:
  @Phillyberg: 1 times
  @heatherwest: 1 times
  @cjoh: 1 times
  @jakebrewer: 1 times
  @sunlightnetwork: 1 times
  @govwiki: 1 times
  @noeldickover: 1 times
  @timoreilly: 1 times
  @CenDemTech: 1 times
besttweet mentions:
  @TheMime: 1 times
ivaa_org mentions:
  @DianaEnnen: 2 times
  @DelilahS: 1 times
  @CandieB: 1 times
  @MarsVA: 1 times
  @terrygreen3309: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @VAForums: 1 times
sherryinal mentions:
  @Greg888: 1 times
torontogreen mentions:
  @canadahelps: 1 times
  @TorontoGreen: 1 times
josesotillo mentions:
  @juoliveirasouza: 1 times
blacqdogg mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @BlacqDogg: 1 times
  @FitzgeraldKC: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @BeachMomOf2: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @BrainGuyJerry: 1 times
  @JillyW: 1 times
themoneygeek mentions:
  @feeonlyplanner: 1 times
onslaughtsix mentions:
  @ShaneMcCarthy: 1 times
  @WWFVinnyMac: 1 times
  @BevReview: 1 times
  @qdb: 1 times
  @AwfulCioffi: 1 times
  @Atamaii: 1 times
  @SecondPower: 1 times
  @HurricaneHelms: 1 times
  @GeneralsJoes: 1 times
dwightmiller mentions:
  @olhodegato: 1 times
  @capelas1993: 1 times
  @anamartins: 1 times
  @jafurtado: 1 times
  @lilianapacheco: 1 times
  @JMF1957: 1 times
  @dwightmiller: 1 times
  @dputamadre: 1 times
  @atiranarita: 1 times
sukariharris mentions:
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
cstoday mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @sampson42: 1 times
  @nicasalvacionPH: 1 times
  @cureworks: 1 times
  @stnickb1: 1 times
  @TruSecure: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
rockefeller mentions:
  @RiverMarket: 1 times
  @FarmerMktsToday: 1 times
  @eatarkansas: 1 times
b00kw0rm mentions:
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
prkid mentions:
  @goldeplaca: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @ashleygreen: 1 times
ruphotography mentions:
  @atdigit: 1 times
  @fotonovosti: 1 times
  @popphoto: 1 times
  @reuterspictures: 1 times
  @ruphotography: 1 times
  @nikonlookgood: 1 times
  @StacieErrera: 1 times
  @1001noisycamera: 1 times
cmsb mentions:
lexboon mentions:
  @jandijkgraaf: 1 times
  @karendinges: 1 times
sashahalima mentions:
  @arnteriksen: 1 times
  @APStylebook: 1 times
  @campphotoshop: 1 times
  @maddisondesigns: 1 times
  @99designs: 1 times
fabwealth mentions:
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @bizswagger: 1 times
  @AddisonsCompass: 1 times
  @KarenLangston: 1 times
  @DINA: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @fabwealth: 1 times
  @travisfitzwater: 1 times
  @CarolGiambri: 1 times
teresa_thomas mentions:
  @questlove: 1 times
  @2tammytodd: 1 times
  @TheEntertainer: 1 times
  @saraschaefer1: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @houndzinthehood: 1 times
  @carman63: 1 times
  @RatRaceTrap: 1 times
  @NorahwithanH: 1 times
aprilvoris mentions:
  @findingzealots: 1 times
  @georgiaaquarium: 1 times
  @curechildcancer: 1 times
tonypeterson mentions:
  @shollenback: 1 times
timforchange mentions:
  @digitaltoast: 1 times
lauraguthrie mentions:
  @andrewhuntre: 1 times
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
  @rickdsilver: 1 times
  @Bobby61557: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @ChristieSilver: 1 times
  @Jistvan: 1 times
  @ndkitchens: 1 times
edmarsh mentions:
  @alimae: 1 times
  @aslanina: 1 times
  @ohheytai: 1 times
  @fueledbyrebecca: 1 times
mikepera mentions:
  @MileHighReport: 1 times
immaryb mentions:
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
cucharete mentions:
  @Cucharete: 1 times
caitlinmoran mentions:
  @dangilmour: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
car4dave mentions:
  @TheBloggess: 1 times
scoccaro mentions:
  @khyron65: 1 times
  @maddyfacepants: 1 times
  @carnellm: 1 times
  @bobmatnyc: 1 times
  @Barnfee: 1 times
bittermoond mentions:
  @CraftySnap: 1 times
helpsavebees mentions:
  @DanKnowlson: 1 times
csncr mentions:
  @vppartners: 1 times
  @ABAGrantmakers: 1 times
  @sharestrength: 1 times
  @FCWashington: 1 times
  @TheWomensFndtn: 1 times
  @NonprofitRT: 1 times
  @AspenInstitute: 1 times
  @CaseFoundation: 1 times
mizuryillz mentions:
  @MsRivercity: 1 times
  @SahinChapman: 1 times
  @NickPaulus: 1 times
tevisverrett mentions:
  @paula721: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
coyote311 mentions:
  @currently: 1 times
corycm mentions:
  @KyleMunson: 1 times
  @trentreznor: 1 times
lwclearanceebay mentions:
  @ebayuk: 1 times
jasminew812 mentions:
  @oliverschmid: 1 times
  @Jasminew812: 1 times
strothmanagency mentions:
  @robinabrahams: 1 times
nscap mentions:
  @anaaldea: 1 times
blankstudent mentions:
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @MsReign: 1 times
  @LaTisha81: 1 times
  @ladyemusic: 1 times
  @lavalove: 1 times
  @MzzWaters: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @SimplyMelony: 1 times
kattalyne mentions:
  @Comfest: 1 times
  @OhioBrewWeek: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @beadinpath: 1 times
  @lemondrop: 1 times
  @bjwaggoner: 1 times
  @schauba: 1 times
domburf mentions:
maxinegamingang mentions:
  @VegasTreasure: 1 times
  @BeattheCasino: 1 times
  @jacobkneeshaw: 1 times
  @TheGamblingGuru: 1 times
  @BonusDeposit: 1 times
  @allthechips: 1 times
  @bonusbabe: 1 times
elrincongozoso mentions:
  @pastelenhoja: 1 times
  @dawguzman: 1 times
scottwysong mentions:
  @bugboybaker: 1 times
  @robbyanderson: 1 times
  @chadwalker: 1 times
adamtyson mentions:
majbc1 mentions:
  @armywifeerin: 1 times
  @michaelbmoore: 1 times
  @mailourmilitary: 1 times
  @armyspouse: 1 times
  @canditaylor68: 1 times
  @msmarti: 1 times
  @crusademedia: 1 times
  @raid1907: 1 times
  @mediaops: 1 times
  @smkras: 1 times
stephaniethum mentions:
  @Smiletrain: 1 times
  @AdventureFarm: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @NYPhilanthropy: 1 times
  @Top10Causes: 1 times
chrisedmonson mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
grahamjoy mentions:
  @Makenzesgranna: 2 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
  @heidimorton: 1 times
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @BuckPimpette77: 1 times
joncamfield mentions:
  @techdev: 1 times
  @nubiancheetah: 1 times
  @kevindonovan: 1 times
  @bloodandmilk: 1 times
  @chloevdc: 1 times
  @billeasterly: 1 times
emmkat mentions:
  @Gailoh: 1 times
  @nescobarmojesus: 1 times
5280grl mentions:
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @HenriettaHughes: 1 times
merce mentions:
  @anaaldea: 1 times
misskatiana2 mentions:
  @ethicalsoap: 1 times
  @HealingAndLOA: 1 times
  @PinkAvenue: 1 times
  @Redladyee: 1 times
  @davidgilray: 1 times
  @lookski: 1 times
  @DarrenRoberts: 1 times
  @lansdownespy: 1 times
eddruckman mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @samanthagreen: 1 times
  @scoots250: 1 times
  @ichicago: 1 times
  @adultbizforsale: 1 times
shellykramer mentions:
  @DreamWorthy: 1 times
  @nursejennifer: 1 times
createandinvent mentions:
  @matdi123: 1 times
  @cameroncrazy: 1 times
  @snugnluv: 1 times
  @paperhill: 1 times
  @TheRoyalBead: 1 times
  @JujuSherry: 1 times
  @RingsThings: 1 times
  @studio618: 1 times
  @diecutsrus: 1 times
  @JaniceP: 1 times
trendaholic mentions:
  @bruceturkel: 1 times
  @UNnouncer: 1 times
  @johngerzema: 1 times
  @marktrueblood: 1 times
lynnimegginson mentions:
  @divacoachdabney: 1 times
booksbytara mentions:
  @biofriendlyblog: 1 times
surferboris mentions:
  @briancmh: 1 times
  @jtbritto: 1 times
vieirasboots mentions:
  @snedwan: 1 times
  @porkrind: 1 times
  @dickiedirt: 1 times
tpsconsulting mentions:
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @Scarletmandy: 1 times
  @CiaoBella: 1 times
  @DrAngelique: 1 times
  @TJABif: 1 times
  @BreakThruGuy: 1 times
  @LetItBeatles: 1 times
  @Victorcina: 1 times
  @Jonnerz: 1 times
companywoman mentions:
  @kellymari75: 1 times
  @aswinn: 1 times
kronich mentions:
  @abranches: 1 times
  @ChristineF: 1 times
  @unatalie: 1 times
  @JesseNewhart: 1 times
  @zoewesthof: 1 times
  @Kronich: 1 times
  @sheagunther: 1 times
_analid_m mentions:
  @nnova: 1 times
  @iFanini: 1 times
  @duarte101: 1 times
  @remolacha: 1 times
  @SergioArjona: 1 times
francksecret mentions:
  @HubspotSupport: 1 times
  @HubSpot: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @KetelboeterPR: 1 times
  @webook: 1 times
successconnects mentions:
  @rubbercheese: 1 times
  @wagit: 1 times
mendocoast mentions:
  @HoroscopeAdvice: 1 times
  @lelia719: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @SunnyJupiter: 1 times
  @Uheard: 1 times
  @SaturnSisters: 1 times
  @procopy: 1 times
  @FunnyJoker: 1 times
brickorbouquet mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
buildalisttoday mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
fradest mentions:
  @Ifrikya: 1 times
  @Ficticia: 1 times
  @davidlh: 1 times
  @sabroso164: 1 times
  @Odomera: 1 times
  @TBS12001: 1 times
  @aleksweb: 1 times
  @bogues26: 1 times
  @neografo: 1 times
sobk13 mentions:
  @Sageinspain: 1 times
  @Discosleeze: 1 times
  @LudiMagister: 1 times
  @SpecialNoodles: 1 times
  @OedipusLex: 1 times
  @BlackoutsBox: 1 times
dr_kangaroo mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
fengshuiesq mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
yoannpearson mentions:
  @unclebear: 1 times
  @GameHead: 1 times
  @mikemearis: 1 times
ibuildsystems mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
nicheradar mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
passionatelife mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
davecharest mentions:
  @AuditionPortal: 1 times
philbellamyinc mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
socmedsites mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
traffica mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
traffico mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
twitwarriors mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
viralpulse mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
wahmsuccess mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
brykins mentions:
revolu mentions:
  @becschlieman: 1 times
  @shellyeve: 1 times
  @mikepassaro: 1 times
  @silvermusic: 1 times
  @jpatrickdowning: 1 times
  @jasongore: 1 times
  @johnenzor: 1 times
doctorexclusive mentions:
  @indieradiochatt: 2 times
  @KillerGuitar: 1 times
  @MartyWilliamson: 1 times
  @DoctorExclusive: 1 times
  @prankster163: 1 times
  @SdPriceless: 1 times
whisperingloon mentions:
  @artmaker: 1 times
bensholto mentions:
  @nikkeedee: 1 times
  @mitchbenn: 1 times
  @indywoodfilms: 1 times
vastream mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
elatedca mentions:
  @mrowade: 1 times
  @carolynellis: 1 times
  @jessicalearning: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @MaryaMyers: 1 times
youngturksu mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
svanna mentions:
  @guardiantech: 1 times
truckindogkarma mentions:
  @TachoBlog: 1 times
pviktor mentions:
  @Audiogeist: 1 times
  @uncouthamerican: 1 times
  @inkyhands: 1 times
  @FlissTee: 1 times
  @meara76: 1 times
hardground mentions:
  @abunur: 1 times
  @blamborn: 1 times
  @romke: 1 times
  @starnut: 1 times
  @kevinSuttle: 1 times
  @yacaFx: 1 times
  @wardmark: 1 times
soverydomestic mentions:
  @waterrose: 1 times
  @scandaljewelry: 1 times
  @papercakes: 1 times
thebeancast mentions:
  @mikemookie: 1 times
shifterstudio mentions:
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @ProfCarol: 1 times
  @eMusicNews: 1 times
  @AffirmingSpirit: 1 times
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @EmbraceOnlyLove: 1 times
  @SandyFowler: 1 times
brandi_b mentions:
  @TwinHappyJen: 1 times
  @jodifur: 1 times
  @childsplayx2: 1 times
  @DearBadKitty: 1 times
  @drlori71: 1 times
  @katyregnier: 1 times
superaffil mentions:
  @CindyBattye: 1 times
  @PegBaron: 1 times
  @EugeneCheung: 1 times
  @DeniseHall: 1 times
  @KatheLucas: 1 times
  @TaraEuphoria: 1 times
  @MrFreebie: 1 times
jp_rocks mentions:
  @JBurch: 1 times
  @followthereaper: 1 times
  @wbilliam66: 1 times
  @mtlinquisition: 1 times
  @thizgurl: 1 times
  @girlwithnoname: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
  @floraisadora: 1 times
  @tigergirlie: 1 times
debramarrs mentions:
  @JaneFriedmans: 1 times
logoballz mentions:
isabellestravel mentions:
  @carmenshirkey: 1 times
  @RobertHay: 1 times
  @Sydharew: 1 times
  @chictravel: 1 times
hfdigest mentions:
  @paulinechen: 1 times
preciouslili mentions:
  @tap29: 1 times
  @GlobalMusicNet: 1 times
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @seventhlayer: 1 times
sfortnum mentions:
  @kimberlycanada: 1 times
  @lauriepringle: 1 times
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @frahng: 1 times
  @smfarr: 1 times
  @serenevistas: 1 times
havalilly mentions:
realestatefairy mentions:
  @patweber: 1 times
  @TheFairyPond: 1 times
  @NancyMarmolejo: 1 times
  @shannoncherry: 1 times
ronenk mentions:
  @sageeb: 1 times
  @rikycoh: 1 times
scloho mentions:
  @kevinerb: 1 times
  @ftwaynechamber: 1 times
  @alenmajer: 1 times
  @catigator: 1 times
  @adrants: 1 times
  @MikeWesten: 1 times
  @GMarketingGuy: 1 times
  @tonyrad1: 1 times
  @Chompa: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
davidchild mentions:
  @caitlinmoran: 1 times
  @dangilmour: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
3pyg mentions:
  @clydeboom: 1 times
scraplesspress mentions:
  @NicoleMomFuse: 1 times
  @TwinHappyJen: 1 times
  @blankstudent: 1 times
  @scraplesspress: 1 times
  @mommyinpink: 1 times
  @KiddiesCorner: 1 times
  @pinkandposh: 1 times
denisehammock mentions:
  @TweepMeet: 1 times
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @mpositivechange: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @DawnWLuv: 1 times
  @FollowFriday: 1 times
  @MelEatherton: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
  @F: 1 times
boston_seo mentions:
  @WordStream: 1 times
filterologist mentions:
  @erinmillsliving: 1 times
  @SharonDV: 1 times
  @bethwarren: 1 times
ms_cornwall mentions:
  @rtd13: 1 times
pops28 mentions:
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @Stang50: 1 times
  @OhBriBri: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @LeahTanner: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @pops28: 1 times
  @UncleTrav: 1 times
ubringmejoi mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @ShanellSnL: 1 times
  @akaChico: 1 times
benlawsonphoto mentions:
  @scubasuzy: 1 times
  @DanaLanePhoto: 1 times
  @LeesaB: 1 times
  @IlanBr: 1 times
  @NicholeAudrey: 1 times
  @AldoRisolvo: 1 times
sassycrass mentions:
  @honeysugarwater: 1 times
  @sheensays: 1 times
  @danic27: 1 times
  @StopNReflect: 1 times
  @belledame222: 1 times
  @superhussy: 1 times
  @tayari: 1 times
naturalpubes mentions:
  @Animadi: 1 times
peacewogs mentions:
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
  @NewsVirginian: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
  @RichmondEditor: 1 times
  @NBC12Photog: 1 times
  @NewYorkology: 1 times
  @VisitVirginia: 1 times
  @wowOwow: 1 times
spamandynyc mentions:
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
  @HealthBeautyBod: 1 times
  @Danamoritz: 1 times
  @siambongo: 1 times
  @SarahPluves: 1 times
  @INESE: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
jeffreybrick mentions:
  @ttria: 1 times
  @lostilos: 1 times
yct_ut mentions:
  @yct: 1 times
  @mjsamuelson: 1 times
  @BriannaBecker: 1 times
  @LizYoung: 1 times
  @lauraelizabethm: 1 times
spreadingjoy mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @kylaaak: 1 times
muzixpowerduo mentions:
  @WealthEvite: 1 times
  @Lolikar: 1 times
  @mrsdana: 1 times
  @fromduval: 1 times
  @themverses: 1 times
  @DjWhoBTR: 1 times
  @WyteriaJacobo: 1 times
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
renee_ky mentions:
  @TimbrePitchFollowFriday: 1 times
  @PaulSchwend: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @KasemSuleiman: 1 times
  @ReneeKY: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
  @TimbrePitch: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @li: 1 times
joaoduro mentions:
  @luacintilante: 1 times
  @Ekletika: 1 times
  @dtcnunes: 1 times
  @arcebispo: 1 times
  @Guskari: 1 times
  @Danininha: 1 times
  @blaset: 1 times
  @afectado: 1 times
  @annamartins: 1 times
  @numitwite: 1 times
  @alexgamela: 1 times
rightnowlady mentions:
  @Smalltalkwitht: 1 times
therogueagent mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
amds007 mentions:
  @CharityIdeas: 1 times
  @amds007: 1 times
  @CookingStrategy: 1 times
  @belairmagazine: 1 times
  @followtweeple: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
eastern_star mentions:
  @johnwmorris: 1 times
  @ispaan: 1 times
  @phillyzoo: 1 times
  @chriszooks: 1 times
  @keithferrazzi: 1 times
  @jennmcaleese: 1 times
ploked mentions:
rocker182 mentions:
  @MadamMeow: 1 times
lavozdecristian mentions:
  @140cl: 1 times
  @panxodj: 1 times
mrsfooliebear mentions:
  @tarabetts: 1 times
  @elprofe316: 1 times
spmurphy mentions:
  @artabasolo: 1 times
  @MotorCityCoffee: 1 times
  @ChicagoSC: 1 times
  @fixedgearbikes: 1 times
  @OnlyCyclingNews: 1 times
  @MotorMavens: 1 times
  @southsidekustom: 1 times
christianjava mentions:
  @bdunc1: 1 times
  @christianjava: 1 times
  @MackCollier: 1 times
philbaker711 mentions:
  @paradiseoregon: 1 times
fast180 mentions:
  @business901: 1 times
livinlime mentions:
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @livinlimefollowfriday: 1 times
  @worditup: 1 times
  @thelifehackpost: 1 times
  @ekkekkprecords: 1 times
  @limescribe: 1 times
lowrider7 mentions:
  @RichBassett: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
missb007 mentions:
  @KittyBradshaw: 1 times
  @indefinite: 1 times
  @Sweetashoneey: 1 times
  @RealFlaglerHill: 1 times
  @queenbee75: 1 times
  @BelleNoirMag: 1 times
  @DivasintheCity: 1 times
realizedworth mentions:
  @RODIEN: 1 times
  @loopyginee: 1 times
  @poiesis: 1 times
  @davidcoethica: 1 times
  @ethicsblogger: 1 times
  @Juliengoy: 1 times
  @mrochte: 1 times
noexpaffiliates mentions:
rjoerges mentions:
barkworthynews mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
elizabethjazz mentions:
  @oranetkin: 1 times
allatweeter mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
allatwit mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
analytica mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
bookreviewsint mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
bassassassins mentions:
untheist mentions:
  @godlessgirl: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @DailyAtheist: 1 times
  @scatheist: 1 times
  @BibleAlsoSays: 1 times
  @TurboFool: 1 times
  @BunnyNut: 1 times
  @DavidalBarron: 1 times
  @ainajaharah: 1 times
daniellericks mentions:
  @ebb567: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
  @jeffwellman: 1 times
  @DanielleRicks: 1 times
  @JoyTurner: 1 times
  @WritewhereUr: 1 times
  @garybondurant: 1 times
svenushka mentions:
actioncommit mentions:
  @NoExpAffiliates: 1 times
joaoqalves mentions:
  @Martasta: 1 times
  @joaoduro: 1 times
  @Pipia: 1 times
  @clubeautista: 1 times
  @tbazevedo: 1 times
  @spiderwhisper: 1 times
  @raquelcrato: 1 times
  @blaset: 1 times
  @Guskari: 1 times
  @Danininha: 1 times
thegreatjustin mentions:
  @upbisb: 1 times
  @thelovealliance: 1 times
  @twloha: 1 times
  @xxxchurch: 1 times
annmariedwyer mentions:
  @KrisWUHSMom: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @AnnMarieDwyer: 1 times
  @homeschool: 1 times
mbenardfanzine mentions:
  @robinkelly: 1 times
  @BrandonBarash: 1 times
  @chrissiefit: 1 times
  @CliftonsNotes: 1 times
  @teenystweeting: 1 times
  @Cheetrock1: 1 times
  @azitaghanizada: 1 times
namarapets mentions:
  @aniellemedeiros: 1 times
  @Albertpip: 1 times
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
activeamericans mentions:
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
  @lilsis1957: 1 times
  @PerIscritto: 1 times
  @LifeCoachKim: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @maheshone: 1 times
  @PoetryILike: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
michaelmontes mentions:
  @TEDChris: 1 times
houseonahillorg mentions:
  @AnnEvanston: 1 times
  @smashadv: 1 times
cyberbonn mentions:
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @melissafoster: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @GrowLove: 1 times
  @Hanksclothing: 1 times
  @Caracolsilver: 1 times
  @Lavsage: 1 times
  @soulshaman: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
  @alphamares: 1 times
josephine_seven mentions:
  @RevJArthurRank: 1 times
heavysan mentions:
  @SamGrittner: 1 times
kathystover mentions:
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
hellocraig mentions:
  @shahil: 1 times
lgesin mentions:
  @BoughtInAP: 1 times
americanindie mentions:
  @arjbarker: 1 times
wildpaw mentions:
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @WildPaw: 1 times
raowen mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
  @Ohdoctah: 1 times
catherinegrison mentions:
  @paulbritphoto: 1 times
  @CatherineGrison: 1 times
  @FrenchShuiCafe: 1 times
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @amilya: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
wubsnet mentions:
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @maxrowby: 1 times
  @fowwow: 1 times
  @zahbutterfly: 1 times
  @OliviaOlivia13: 1 times
  @hautecouturedol: 1 times
  @WubsNet: 1 times
dvalente mentions:
  @undertheground: 1 times
  @LuisCastro: 1 times
  @franciscoamaral: 1 times
  @helders: 1 times
  @CarlosDan: 1 times
  @Meteorita: 1 times
  @problema: 1 times
  @SusanaRMartins: 1 times
  @jmfernandes: 1 times
belfast_belle mentions:
  @lozzybaby88: 1 times
  @gazbelfast: 1 times
wyldekyttin mentions:
  @BeerFox: 1 times
sundi_moz mentions:
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @aceconcierge: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @KenaRoth: 1 times
  @SundiMOZ: 1 times
  @PrimoAssistance: 1 times
emjaydoespr mentions:
  @ShopCauses: 1 times
  @thekarin: 1 times
daveharte mentions:
  @pothos: 1 times
wyndwalker mentions:
  @SOUNDCHILDCREW: 1 times
  @cboyd2: 1 times
  @ABdarknightent: 1 times
  @DJSHYHEIM: 1 times
skiingexaminer mentions:
  @weirdralph: 1 times
dctfitz mentions:
  @twitwriter: 1 times
  @sheepodaom: 1 times
  @drrandpink: 1 times
  @maritajan: 1 times
ohangie mentions:
  @hcurrier: 1 times
  @OhAngie: 1 times
deconstructive mentions:
  @ryannewyork: 1 times
  @DECasting: 1 times
  @ArianMoayed: 1 times
  @Deconstructive: 1 times
  @littlewow: 1 times
  @votethemusical: 1 times
  @columbiajames: 1 times
  @kendavenport: 1 times
  @nymf: 1 times
jfailes mentions:
  @MekumHaiku: 1 times
  @fox2go: 1 times
webmarketingmav mentions:
  @TrueGabe: 1 times
kelly62u mentions:
  @fashionintern: 1 times
  @makeitwork: 1 times
  @MelbourneArt: 1 times
  @HilaryAlexander: 1 times
ashleylaur mentions:
  @jeweljk: 1 times
pix4pix mentions:
  @Joggl: 1 times
  @Stuelpner: 1 times
  @Haselnusstafel: 1 times
  @Sammelmappe: 1 times
  @kleinkram: 1 times
  @giesebrecht: 1 times
  @Zaubervogel: 1 times
stevehealy mentions:
  @fionamlryan: 1 times
rippinkitten mentions:
  @IowaHarleyGirl: 1 times
  @chopperguy: 1 times
  @ArtBiker: 1 times
  @fredmotorco: 1 times
  @fierypinkgirl: 1 times
  @viridari: 1 times
  @IronWorksMag: 1 times
  @SmoothBiker: 1 times
  @forrestfrazier: 1 times
dediaf mentions:
  @FakeErinMcKean: 1 times
boomstone mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
miritturley mentions:
  @MindfulBeginner: 1 times
  @MysticSanctuary: 1 times
  @GlowStick: 1 times
  @charini: 1 times
  @SheilaUlrich: 1 times
  @NaturalHealth4u: 1 times
sunilbhatia79 mentions:
  @eleesha: 1 times
sweetsue mentions:
  @nwbcdotgov: 1 times
sanfyezerskiy mentions:
  @laatdemenseneensgerust: 1 times
telesaur mentions:
  @kanuck75: 1 times
  @safetelework: 1 times
  @ryanhahaj: 1 times
  @RemRev: 1 times
  @TeleworkAdv: 1 times
darthtraya mentions:
  @BobaTheFett: 1 times
  @TrooperTDK421: 1 times
  @FREDEWOK: 1 times
  @mscornwall: 1 times
  @deathstar: 1 times
  @Michaeldx: 1 times
  @LukeSkywalker: 1 times
  @OfficeFanGirl86: 1 times
  @GedeonN: 1 times
ricxand mentions:
  @rodrigovilarins: 1 times
  @kethly: 1 times
  @dayanerafaele: 1 times
  @paullinhac: 1 times
  @AnaCaroliiinah: 1 times
  @scilucas: 1 times
  @moniquedosreis: 1 times
  @fabiofloriano: 1 times
  @Cpitbull: 1 times
fpq1 mentions:
  @Emergent007: 1 times
  @Aryane: 1 times
  @chantalbeaupre: 1 times
  @GaetaneBeaupre: 1 times
  @NancyVigneault: 1 times
  @Focus20: 1 times
natchezgirl mentions:
  @vicksburgnews: 1 times
tomjudy mentions:
  @hanhouse: 1 times
nicoledean mentions:
  @MikePaetzold: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @SuperAffil: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @lynnterry: 1 times
  @KenMcArthur: 1 times
  @AffiliateBus: 1 times
vegboxrecipes mentions:
  @natcol: 1 times
altepper mentions:
  @JamiesComputers: 1 times
  @ooffoo: 1 times
  @ethicaljunction: 1 times
  @altepper: 1 times
ooffoo mentions:
  @natcol: 1 times
natcol mentions:
  @natcol: 1 times
dailyposts mentions:
  @: 1 times
charleslau mentions:
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @CharlesLau: 1 times
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @JeannetteNL: 1 times
  @kathykeefe: 2 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
  @UnityCrystalus: 1 times
  @KraziKrone: 1 times
jennifersacto mentions:
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @BillVick: 1 times
servethesong mentions:
  @indabamusic: 1 times
btseo mentions:
  @RollinsWallace: 1 times
  @BostonPatriot: 1 times
  @BraveLad: 1 times
  @Brent007: 1 times
  @BrentTeichman: 1 times
  @BtSEO: 1 times
  @BubbaRich: 1 times
  @ByYourSide2009: 1 times
dafreakindeezin mentions:
  @ChaChaGibson: 1 times
  @DaFreakinDeezin: 1 times
filmdrunk mentions:
  @rejects: 1 times
  @theplaylist: 1 times
  @screenrant: 1 times
  @yourmom: 1 times
  @Chris: 1 times
  @isawhore: 1 times
  @screenjunkies: 1 times
  @tonguemyballs: 1 times
tink20seven mentions:
  @ZombieTruth: 1 times
erikg1 mentions:
  @DuffletSI: 1 times
johng67 mentions:
  @paddyjohnston: 1 times
  @goodoldmj: 1 times
sandrafriend mentions:
  @TallyCast: 1 times
  @jenniferhuber: 1 times
pinkmotown mentions:
  @clhaha: 1 times
  @spam: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
thisfullhouse mentions:
  @weaselmomma: 1 times
  @melisalw: 1 times
  @surprisedmom: 1 times
vanbird mentions:
  @msalonen: 1 times
  @JamesWaters: 1 times
riick20 mentions:
  @avivaf: 1 times
  @alyssonrodrigo: 1 times
  @melhoramigogay: 1 times
  @thiagohbm: 1 times
  @klleo: 1 times
  @fiiii: 1 times
  @LalaSouza: 1 times
  @eliasjunior20: 1 times
  @willbill: 1 times
  @AslanGuedes: 1 times
  @Erbo08: 1 times
jessicarivelli mentions:
  @CarlaYoung: 1 times
redirections mentions:
  @debfarrar: 1 times
  @ChrisWHall: 1 times
  @Redirections: 1 times
revjarthurrank mentions:
  @albertabaptist: 1 times
  @Susannah55: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @RevJArthurRank: 1 times
  @tuganocafe: 1 times
circlereader mentions:
  @homeschool: 1 times
  @scifri: 1 times
  @ScienceChannel: 1 times
dmelsome mentions:
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @DMelsome: 1 times
identifyourself mentions:
  @italianmama2: 1 times
bwelford mentions:
  @chuckiem: 1 times
  @mattuk: 2 times
  @akarra: 1 times
  @thanika: 1 times
  @jquipp: 1 times
  @kikolani: 1 times
  @kevgibbo: 1 times
  @makakman: 1 times
  @skinner: 1 times
  @EFranz13: 1 times
  @TheDukeOfSEO: 1 times
jonesette mentions:
  @aliving: 1 times
primoassistance mentions:
  @kerwood: 1 times
bostonmaggie mentions:
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @BostonMaggie: 1 times
justinherman mentions:
  @henrim: 1 times
  @immunity: 1 times
  @sradick: 1 times
brianmccoll mentions:
  @YupImaMCRfan: 1 times
  @Dublins98Dave: 1 times
  @Airchecker: 1 times
thejeffkaller mentions:
  @productionguy: 1 times
  @paulbritphoto: 1 times
  @royalreality: 1 times
  @juliakline: 1 times
tularelawyer mentions:
  @lawyerfresno: 1 times
  @hanfordlawyer@maderalawyer: 1 times
  @tularelawyer: 1 times
  @clovislawyer: 1 times
  @visalialawyer: 1 times
  @fresnolaws: 1 times
  @benninghofflaw: 1 times
brevardc4l mentions:
  @JimDeMint: 1 times
  @c4liberty: 1 times
  @thedepotcafe: 1 times
  @infowarsstories: 1 times
  @Antiwar2: 1 times
  @shellyroche: 1 times
  @Dpeterson329: 1 times
  @CharlieKrause: 1 times
  @karldickey: 1 times
mikemadura mentions:
  @CPATrendlines: 1 times
  @retheauditors: 1 times
  @KPMGAdvisory: 1 times
  @KPMG: 1 times
  @VeronicaLudwig: 1 times
  @steveshu: 1 times
  @socialmediawonk: 1 times
pandaloopner mentions:
  @livestrongceo: 1 times
  @su2c: 1 times
  @stupidcancer: 1 times
  @bjmendelson: 1 times
  @knowcancer: 1 times
a_revolution mentions:
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @danecook: 1 times
  @FrancoD: 1 times
  @beatlesnumber9: 1 times
  @15mbtd: 1 times
  @ChrisEfs: 1 times
  @Joeazy: 1 times
  @DJBash: 1 times
  @FutureDaBoSs: 1 times
  @shaneandshawn: 1 times
kristinhayes mentions:
  @KidsLinked: 1 times
  @HeidiKL: 1 times
wigs_ mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @mrgadget: 1 times
  @Cenay: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @Bllq21: 1 times
  @Surferess: 1 times
  @Maxsmomhere: 1 times
latipo mentions:
  @atomicskunk: 1 times
  @dijibeatnetwork: 1 times
shiftyourhabit mentions:
  @furnicology: 1 times
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @EcoFan: 1 times
  @ImTheQ: 1 times
  @GreenEyedMonst: 1 times
  @buygreen: 1 times
  @GoodFibers: 1 times
imsure mentions:
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @mrmannycan: 1 times
  @BlackMagic63: 1 times
  @dnoxon: 1 times
  @walkerofcrags: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
  @Foxmuldar: 1 times
  @rmaynard: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @pa: 1 times
horizon3 mentions:
  @fjstreeter: 1 times
  @DeakinForSenate: 1 times
  @nixfee: 1 times
  @myranda23: 1 times
uglybettytv mentions:
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
  @markindelicato: 1 times
  @michaelurie: 1 times
mdgrinn mentions:
  @miritturley: 1 times
  @mdgrinn: 1 times
  @jantoomer: 1 times
  @LeaWhiteFeather: 1 times
  @musecrossing: 1 times
latishadmcflyy mentions:
  @LaTishaDMcflyy: 1 times
  @ThaFuture703: 1 times
  @IAmDrop7: 1 times
  @mistermakemoves: 1 times
  @msundastood27: 1 times
  @sarahnicolexoxo: 1 times
  @dcrap: 1 times
  @GlobalGrind: 1 times
twidee913 mentions:
  @TwiSuperFan: 1 times
  @CullenBoys: 1 times
  @whattheforks: 1 times
  @VampPattinson: 1 times
  @TwiCrackAddict: 1 times
  @newmoonmovie: 1 times
  @twilightpoison: 1 times
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
poker_princess mentions:
  @stevenshipo: 1 times
jonezy mentions:
  @jasonlittle: 1 times
  @haillow: 1 times
  @Azeitz: 1 times
  @kuyaz: 1 times
  @bseale: 1 times
greeneyes1966 mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @fulcan: 1 times
  @colleenlindsay: 1 times
  @pipwerks: 1 times
erinjeany mentions:
  @melvinferrer: 1 times
  @erinjeany: 1 times
titicuervo mentions:
  @AmericanCancer: 2 times
  @morebirthdays: 1 times
  @relayforlife: 1 times
  @acscan: 1 times
  @acsnews: 1 times
  @journalcancer: 1 times
learningzone mentions:
  @csmgraphics: 1 times
  @ArtsAlumni: 1 times
  @CreativeReview: 1 times
timmoore mentions:
  @KStratos: 1 times
  @CharlottGotAlot: 1 times
  @JenniferSuarez: 1 times
  @TimClowers: 1 times
justinobey mentions:
  @stuartcfoster: 1 times
  @aaron0: 1 times
  @sarahmerion: 1 times
  @cortlandt: 1 times
  @jakecacci: 1 times
  @alexa: 1 times
  @carlablumenthal: 1 times
  @urwingman: 1 times
  @bostontweet: 1 times
rocktheboatmktg mentions:
wizardfkap mentions:
  @JesseNewhart: 2 times
longbeach_cc mentions:
  @DanLTaylor: 1 times
  @unclemaffy: 1 times
  @DylanConroy: 1 times
  @rickmarshall: 1 times
  @luckytrinket: 1 times
  @thesweetness: 1 times
  @melcaylo: 1 times
  @TheFlickcast: 1 times
  @kprincess: 1 times
thatneilguy mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @fulcan: 1 times
  @colleenlindsay: 1 times
  @pipwerks: 1 times
regentlaw mentions:
  @ClaytonMorris: 1 times
  @PatrickRuffini: 1 times
  @leighannegiblin: 1 times
  @seanhackbarth: 1 times
  @bartmillard: 1 times
  @EATerrell: 1 times
  @justinhart: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
justinderekrich mentions:
  @DanaDigital: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
lavernb mentions:
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
chuckswanson mentions:
  @jqnuss: 1 times
  @dudesweetpdx: 1 times
  @emarketingguru: 1 times
  @traskrogers: 1 times
  @mdresort: 1 times
  @lynndorman: 1 times
alainafrederick mentions:
  @justicefergie: 1 times
  @themamalawblog: 1 times
annadestefano mentions:
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @KristenLambTX: 1 times
hypedent mentions:
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @sethechmmmn: 1 times
  @ngajuana: 1 times
  @sethec: 1 times
  @alexakalinka: 1 times
  @gptwo: 1 times
wyshynski mentions:
  @jeskeets@jaybusbee: 1 times
  @bigleaguestew: 1 times
  @themightymjd: 1 times
  @stevecofield: 1 times
  @eamonnbrennan: 1 times
  @maggiehendricks: 1 times
mediocre_mum mentions:
idealistinnyc mentions:
  @DomWorkUnited: 1 times
  @QueensArtX: 1 times
  @NY2NO: 1 times
  @adhikaar: 1 times
  @BBBSNYCYPC: 1 times
  @IMPACTNYC: 1 times
  @artsinbushwick: 1 times
  @issueproject: 1 times
enricchi mentions:
  @McCore: 1 times
  @Dolcetk: 1 times
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
  @ChemistPD: 1 times
  @enricchi: 1 times
vena784 mentions:
  @number1producer: 1 times
  @DATBOMBCHIC: 1 times
  @aol: 1 times
  @h0ney: 1 times
  @Vena784: 1 times
  @cityhaze: 1 times
  @IAMMRJONES: 1 times
mzgiggz mentions:
  @imstillxPOPular: 1 times
  @iAMBRii: 1 times
  @Ze3ky: 1 times
  @MacSauceVee: 1 times
  @iAMMRPARKS: 1 times
  @RealPaulJohnson: 1 times
  @P00hBBy: 1 times
curlicat mentions:
crazytwism mentions:
  @anniepaul: 1 times
loupeb mentions:
  @poppydog: 1 times
  @hanseebundee: 1 times
revivalhouse mentions:
  @swellvintage: 1 times
  @dandelionvintag: 1 times
  @: 2 times
  @atouchofvintage: 1 times
  @liebemarlenev: 1 times
fakemonkchips mentions:
  @fakemonkchips: 2 times
  @badmonkchips: 1 times
  @monkchips: 1 times
firecracker16 mentions:
  @zwriter: 1 times
  @mosessmith16: 1 times
clairethomey mentions:
  @bethjbates: 1 times
  @shel: 1 times
  @digitalsista: 1 times
  @scottmonty: 1 times
  @lizstrauss: 1 times
  @ambercadabra: 1 times
  @technosailor: 1 times
  @shashib: 1 times
makeminewine mentions:
  @TTVWineChickCentral: 1 times
  @iowawinegirl: 1 times
ecosaveology mentions:
  @ecointegrated: 1 times
  @Ecosaveology: 1 times
  @luckyearth: 1 times
  @LiveGreenNow: 1 times
  @theEcoDiva: 1 times
  @CyberRegs: 1 times
  @SorbTech: 1 times
  @EcoDiscoveries: 1 times
  @GreenSaf: 1 times
rowdy57 mentions:
  @BamaTweetBird: 1 times
  @TorontoJrFan: 1 times
  @carolynagee: 1 times
  @nascarracingfan: 1 times
  @legalblonde31: 1 times
  @jacksongjtheman: 1 times
  @woodbrothers21: 1 times
  @teripolzin: 1 times
italytravelista mentions:
  @MyMelange: 1 times
  @italylogue: 1 times
  @MissExpatria: 1 times
  @katieparla: 1 times
  @romephotoblog: 1 times
  @ExpatCoachMegan: 1 times
  @dreamofitaly: 1 times
tikitender mentions:
  @meetthephlocker: 1 times
theryanswell mentions:
dizzy727 mentions:
  @tansell85: 1 times
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @stonedbuzz: 1 times
  @TraceyHewins: 1 times
  @autwisdom: 1 times
  @joshuaarnao: 1 times
shinerweb mentions:
  @craigkillick: 1 times
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @nikkiPilkington: 1 times
urdrinkingbuddy mentions:
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @BlogWellDone: 1 times
  @twiteconomy: 1 times
  @MollyDugganLLC: 1 times
tracyewilli mentions:
  @OzzyMovie: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
  @MrJackO: 1 times
  @OfficialOzzy: 1 times
  @Blasko666: 1 times
  @MercenaryMgmt: 1 times
nancyburban mentions:
lordhong mentions:
pablomac mentions:
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
  @allenperson: 1 times
  @EconDog: 1 times
  @rickybobby77: 1 times
  @bethmasonnet: 1 times
  @Roybuilt: 1 times
  @amyboyack: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @bloggernott: 1 times
  @RonaldNevers: 1 times
blairdc mentions:
  @Oceanisleinn: 1 times
  @BiltmoreEstate: 1 times
  @broyhillinn: 1 times
fozzyfan mentions:
  @Kaliqo: 1 times
  @dasharpshooters: 1 times
  @pulsewrestling: 1 times
  @divadirt: 1 times
  @nodqdotcom: 1 times
  @wfaposn: 1 times
  @kickoutblog: 1 times
  @wrestlingradio: 1 times
  @wnwnews: 1 times
  @PWNewsNow: 1 times
euskir mentions:
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
evilitlsquirrel mentions:
  @susandelaneyFollowFriday: 1 times
  @evilitlsquirrel: 1 times
  @troyrhoades: 1 times
  @hyblis: 1 times
  @naxos: 1 times
etiennechabot mentions:
  @SpaEastman: 1 times
  @Louis19: 1 times
  @AuntieStress: 1 times
  @MoiCLouLou: 1 times
  @mikeyboy50: 1 times
  @FoireAuxMeubles: 1 times
jenniesjursen mentions:
  @ctwebsites: 1 times
  @ccnetworks: 2 times
  @SOSCaraBrook: 1 times
  @PicSeshu: 1 times
  @TMcFeeley: 1 times
  @DateMeCT: 1 times
  @alisonheld: 1 times
headydays mentions:
  @nerdnet: 1 times
  @AdventureGamers: 1 times
theredowl mentions:
  @crazycool2009: 1 times
ificouldescape mentions:
  @rockdrool: 1 times
  @mummytime: 1 times
  @ificouldescape: 1 times
  @mochadad: 1 times
  @bjenna: 1 times
  @Leggox5: 1 times
  @TheAppleOfMyEye: 1 times
tonyuy mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @imjustcreative: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @mrrichardson: 1 times
  @naldzgraphics: 1 times
  @bluewavemedia: 1 times
  @kellyshipp: 1 times
xmelaniex7 mentions:
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
manofvirtues mentions:
  @S604: 1 times
chrisf mentions:
  @daveAperry: 1 times
clubeautista mentions:
  @maristelabairro: 1 times
buffyc mentions:
  @FollowTheCow: 1 times
jeffmello mentions:
  @jen004: 1 times
  @amberausten: 1 times
  @skottk75: 1 times
  @jeffmello: 1 times
  @SimoneBlum: 1 times
parkercolorado mentions:
  @TheMileHighFan: 1 times
1416andcounting mentions:
  @kevinlehane: 1 times
  @tommysalami: 1 times
  @dreamrot: 1 times
  @evilontwolegs: 1 times
  @wyshynski: 1 times
  @Pensblog: 1 times
  @scotteweinberg: 1 times
  @michaelianblack: 1 times
tinybubble mentions:
  @ACLAZ92: 1 times
  @AmyJustine@aspo1@BleedBlacknGold: 1 times
  @burghbaby: 1 times
  @cindycrosby: 1 times
  @BennyMcDouglas: 1 times
frdovetweets mentions:
  @DProfit: 1 times
  @Liturgy: 1 times
  @Episcopalian: 1 times
  @pmelfi: 1 times
  @trinity20s30s: 1 times
  @bigphatpastor: 1 times
chisportbizpros mentions:
  @judelarose: 1 times
  @RonZook: 1 times
dronsayro mentions:
  @sm007hie: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @dlayphoto: 1 times
  @EricDLCruz: 1 times
  @jesseluna: 1 times
  @thedrich: 1 times
  @davidhoang: 1 times
cashpertweet mentions:
mcsprague mentions:
  @APStylebook: 1 times
kylesnipes mentions:
  @MarkBradleyAJC: 1 times
chrisrivers mentions:
  @davidnorman: 1 times
  @chrisrivers: 1 times
  @billywilson: 1 times
  @ada1276: 1 times
  @pastornar: 1 times
  @aaronsu: 1 times
  @kerryshook: 1 times
  @CreativeStu: 1 times
  @stevenfurtick: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
lauriemacomber mentions:
  @vegtv: 1 times
wahimedia mentions:
  @JimHunt: 1 times
starrmiller mentions:
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
thekauderergp mentions:
healthylifetwit mentions:
  @LjTx: 1 times
raul_ramos mentions:
eranevenkesef mentions:
etown_melly mentions:
  @nkotb: 1 times
  @jonathanrknight: 1 times
sailmagazine mentions:
  @westmarine: 1 times
  @boatsused: 1 times
  @sailingupdates: 1 times
  @sailtime: 1 times
garycozin mentions:
  @BooleanBlackBlt: 1 times
jonerp mentions:
  @tomraftery: 1 times
  @jamesfarrar: 1 times
ronpaulnews mentions:
  @inertia186: 1 times
  @SocialistRant: 1 times
  @Antiwar2: 1 times
pitcherpark mentions:
  @BUTTERFLYWHEEL: 1 times
  @CatchOurDream: 1 times
  @RachelLavern: 1 times
  @pinwheelgirl: 1 times
  @ReikiAwakening: 1 times
  @KasiaRachfall: 1 times
  @rockybuckley: 1 times
  @billzucker: 1 times
  @0Frank: 1 times
theangelforever mentions:
  @lilmomthatcould: 1 times
  @Upstatemomof3: 1 times
  @BearTwinsMom: 1 times
  @coolzebras: 1 times
  @cutestkidever: 1 times
  @WeJustGotBack: 1 times
  @wdwfan: 1 times
jonesdel mentions:
  @businessed: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
chicarabesque mentions:
  @arabworldfest: 1 times
  @LebFestHalifax: 1 times
  @PalFest: 1 times
  @muslimvoicesnyc: 1 times
  @greenfestival: 1 times
  @benicassimfest: 1 times
  @HalifaxRockfest: 1 times
bamatweetbird mentions:
  @legalblonde31: 1 times
cooldads mentions:
  @DebbieBarth: 1 times
fridachevalier mentions:
  @quengelexemplar: 1 times
cathygoodwin mentions:
  @CathyGoodwin: 1 times
  @PBreaze: 1 times
  @GardenAdvice: 1 times
  @blissdesigns: 1 times
chrisabraham mentions:
  @lizwhite23: 1 times
  @albrightdc: 1 times
  @nicoleprexec: 1 times
  @alaaro: 1 times
  @nakeva: 1 times
  @nikkiburdine: 1 times
  @BlairDC: 1 times
blogginforbiz mentions:
  @tamre: 1 times
  @justinbryant08: 1 times
dorothybeach mentions:
  @scottbaxt: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jkarp mentions:
  @xequals: 1 times
familynester mentions:
  @rochelle: 1 times
  @dcfemella: 1 times
  @tamar: 1 times
marcmalkin mentions:
  @robertrave: 1 times
mskonfa1990 mentions:
  @FlyingPhotog: 1 times
  @flyingmum: 1 times
  @flyingwithfish: 1 times
  @curbcrusher: 1 times
  @blankstudent@787spotting: 1 times
  @katlilytwit: 1 times
  @rightgrrl75: 1 times
  @They: 1 times
wisdombegun mentions:
  @HSBSuzanne: 1 times
  @kristenph: 1 times
  @tapestryofgrace: 1 times
  @HomeschoolMom: 1 times
thebrownshaun mentions:
  @14eleven: 1 times
  @munachao: 1 times
  @rockistani: 1 times
  @northsideindian: 1 times
  @sarabaatz: 1 times
  @MahotmainHerre: 1 times
  @abbasnaqvi: 1 times
  @eneshelon: 1 times
  @kiichow: 1 times
be_nyce mentions:
  @stephiscrazy: 1 times
  @bheaird: 1 times
  @jlee07: 1 times
  @MrLDavis: 1 times
  @andresflava: 1 times
  @LUXURY713: 1 times
  @destaco7: 1 times
  @BEMagPlanB: 1 times
  @MAKAEL86: 1 times
  @madkewl: 1 times
  @BEMagazine: 1 times
justkappa mentions:
  @RadioRobyn: 1 times
  @TheClarkSpace: 1 times
maryrachbailey mentions:
  @RollinsWallace: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @MatthewMaDotCom: 1 times
  @BarryJMcDonald: 1 times
spudhilton mentions:
  @ajgreenb: 1 times
  @SeabournCruise: 1 times
themercurymen mentions:
  @daveflora: 1 times
  @pulptone: 1 times
  @bobbynash: 1 times
  @SGuglie: 1 times
  @themercurymen: 1 times
  @rebelsofmars: 1 times
kwades mentions:
  @vicstar: 1 times
  @christyseason: 1 times
  @trishfreshwater: 1 times
  @kdavis2001: 1 times
  @effigie: 1 times
  @cophotog: 1 times
  @base10: 1 times
  @eloisethepug: 1 times
kwhirsh mentions:
  @phdbre: 1 times
chasemommy mentions:
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @FreezeDriedNews: 1 times
  @patrickdixon: 1 times
  @UpInTheHills: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
  @NaplesHomeBoy: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
mizsprieta mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @sEscriO: 1 times
  @Otivirics: 1 times
  @ColdFallingRain: 1 times
  @moncho33: 1 times
  @Stalin2012: 1 times
  @ArianaLee: 1 times
  @TwiObsession: 1 times
  @madhatter1978: 1 times
  @DiiRii: 1 times
angelwickenberg mentions:
  @SteveWorrall: 2 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @stevewainright: 1 times
  @SearchPeopleDir: 1 times
  @AngelWickenberg: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
snickerdoodle85 mentions:
vicarsyf mentions:
  @JazzPreacher: 1 times
napps126 mentions:
  @DJFOLK: 1 times
  @djgotnow: 1 times
justbella mentions:
  @scrubzbody: 1 times
prairiemama mentions:
luxeredux mentions:
  @ecodecor: 2 times
  @bambeco: 1 times
  @GreenMuze: 1 times
  @altCON: 1 times
  @makufurniture: 1 times
  @luxeredux: 1 times
  @woot: 1 times
  @RexandRegina: 1 times
  @coolmompicks: 1 times
  @designmom: 1 times
rocknrod mentions:
  @rocknrod: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @WorldCup2010: 1 times
  @yellowburd: 1 times
  @avmaster: 1 times
  @dcb23: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @HelpMeHelpOther: 1 times
immortaldna mentions:
steff_bakker mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @fulcan: 1 times
  @colleenlindsay: 1 times
  @pipwerks: 1 times
themaineedge mentions:
  @Alevesque: 1 times
  @tanyapereira: 1 times
  @penguinusa: 1 times
  @AltWeeklies: 1 times
  @mainemerchants: 1 times
causticbob mentions:
  @totallytee: 1 times
specturner mentions:
  @starjayl: 2 times
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @NancyDeeOnline: 1 times
  @ATLBEATBATTLE: 1 times
  @FoxyHotSawce: 1 times
  @KuddieFresh: 1 times
  @LILOWE55: 1 times
  @KillaDiva: 1 times
silenttiffy mentions:
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
steveberen mentions:
  @jpgardner: 1 times
hawaiianshirts mentions:
  @livinlime: 1 times
humanitarianiq mentions:
  @humanitarianiq: 1 times
babehound mentions:
  @freshjeremy: 1 times
  @therealsecret: 1 times
  @alamokingofnc: 1 times
  @babehound: 1 times
  @billionairelife: 1 times
  @manikarthik: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
sarcosuchus mentions:
  @metalgasm: 1 times
  @TheBlowfish: 1 times
  @: 1 times
bestflabeaches mentions:
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @GoParks: 1 times
bookishgirl mentions:
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @ChicagoBungalow: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @PatriotGams123: 1 times
  @nicky777: 1 times
  @MLAS: 1 times
maxwellvintage mentions:
  @openzine: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @lvonestopshop: 1 times
  @EmmytheCat: 1 times
  @Rodentrunway: 1 times
beerinator mentions:
amandawilcher mentions:
  @ksherrieco: 1 times
  @JohnjMoon: 1 times
  @bobbiandmike: 1 times
  @kevinswancom: 1 times
  @posherov: 1 times
  @KyleWilcher: 1 times
danielthelion mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
melaniefineevi mentions:
  @carmenshirkey: 1 times
  @MelanieFineEVI: 1 times
  @IsabellesTravel: 1 times
  @Cruise7Cs: 1 times
  @VerizonNewsroom: 1 times
leodeeva mentions:
  @westham999: 1 times
  @westham2009: 1 times
  @ItsDawns: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
  @laoden: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @leodeeva: 1 times
  @stodders: 1 times
  @purplemuffinman: 1 times
  @simonm: 1 times
terrordanjah mentions:
  @randomimpulse: 1 times
  @musicald: 1 times
  @terrordanjah: 1 times
  @semothyjones: 1 times
  @davidkelly: 1 times
  @loudmouthmelvin: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @elijahbutterz: 1 times
judy_jay mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
kessiewashere mentions:
  @hellocodiee: 1 times
  @mickimonster27: 1 times
  @thabster: 1 times
shanajackson mentions:
  @kiva: 1 times
  @SammiO: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @JCanfield: 1 times
  @TheLifeHackPost: 1 times
64colors mentions:
amf7 mentions:
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
expertcruiser mentions:
  @TheCruiseGuy: 1 times
amystark mentions:
  @morsemini: 1 times
  @lindaAWI: 1 times
lizgiel mentions:
  @HumanitarianIQ: 1 times
  @humanitarianiq: 1 times
ron_miller mentions:
  @JuliaKline: 1 times
latricenichelle mentions:
  @djefeezy: 1 times
  @djde2ce: 1 times
  @DJSlikk: 1 times
  @DJEmptyBeats: 1 times
  @DJLILCARL: 1 times
  @djyungsteff: 1 times
  @DJTHRUDAROOF: 1 times
marcorigotti mentions:
mexiabill mentions:
  @visionsxpressed: 1 times
blogomomma mentions:
  @katdish: 1 times
  @blogomomma: 1 times
miacucina mentions:
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
xagustinx mentions:
  @serchmxlinux: 1 times
laurentlasalle mentions:
  @marcboivin: 1 times
jascott mentions:
  @Se7enVandalay: 1 times
paulock mentions:
  @JanaBanana5: 1 times
  @gilcarvr: 1 times
  @PuterPrsn: 1 times
  @wingnut71: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @clobrien: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @GOPinkPolitics: 1 times
  @Patriot223: 1 times
jaime_morales mentions:
  @sdharlow: 1 times
  @highercredit: 1 times
  @mattarney: 1 times
  @ericworre: 1 times
  @barbiefigueroa: 1 times
  @deborabravandt: 1 times
  @rayhigdon: 1 times
beckyjsue mentions:
  @Genosworld: 1 times
  @santasdevil: 1 times
  @Beckyjsue: 1 times
  @4uandme: 1 times
  @artfulmemories: 1 times
indybamagrl mentions:
  @MollyJ87: 1 times
  @IndyBamagrl: 1 times
  @MollyJ87lol: 1 times
dwag29 mentions:
  @aspca: 1 times
lovepantybabe mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @TonyBlakeLive: 1 times
  @richardwatkinsj: 1 times
  @BikiniBeat: 1 times
  @MiamiButtSluts: 1 times
  @jtillustrator: 1 times
  @ILoveTitties: 1 times
  @IMHAPPYGILMORE: 1 times
thescrubshub mentions:
  @StephanieMarcus: 1 times
  @thescrubshub: 1 times
  @wubsnet: 1 times
  @ghofs: 1 times
  @jasonmorgannews: 1 times
rainshadowva mentions:
  @VirtualSharon: 1 times
abba_ks mentions:
  @dmiller23: 1 times
  @johnamussen: 1 times
  @amrup: 1 times
  @BluHefner: 1 times
xetiennex mentions:
  @diZagree: 1 times
  @fubiz: 1 times
  @fwa: 1 times
  @emob: 1 times
  @Mir0uf: 1 times
  @theikid: 1 times
  @Wahiba: 1 times
  @dandellamorte: 1 times
  @MechanteCerise: 1 times
  @palehorsedesign: 1 times
  @creaito: 1 times
  @hydro74: 1 times
ablu272 mentions:
  @vitalessence: 1 times
  @dizzyfeet: 1 times
  @MMRAW: 1 times
  @kingofkrump: 1 times
  @adammshankman: 1 times
  @SYTYCDISM: 1 times
  @PhillipChbeeb: 1 times
msgoth84 mentions:
mom_16 mentions:
  @slingandswaddle: 1 times
  @hotslings: 1 times
  @miracleblankets: 1 times
karimkanji mentions:
  @getinlineca: 1 times
idegasperi mentions:
  @RicardoProchnow: 1 times
  @drimio: 1 times
memoirwriter mentions:
  @1person: 1 times
chiefsbury mentions:
  @Chiefsbury: 7 times
justaction mentions:
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
urlflipper mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
john_lafemina mentions:
  @SarahInMI: 1 times
tools4success mentions:
  @coachparadise: 1 times
  @spiritlibrary: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @GospelToday: 1 times
  @hlbllygrl: 1 times
  @silverwillem: 1 times
  @Hibippytea: 1 times
dorizinn mentions:
  @drdrew: 1 times
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @therealdjlaz: 1 times
  @MACKONTHERADIO: 1 times
  @nickontheradio: 1 times
  @yomichael: 1 times
  @PaulCastronovo: 1 times
  @PnYR: 1 times
radiorobyn mentions:
  @talentedsol: 1 times
  @gospelflava: 1 times
  @malacomusic: 1 times
  @integritymusic: 1 times
  @VerityGospel: 1 times
patidemitroff mentions:
  @zapautos: 1 times
  @zapimoveis: 1 times
thinkingboston mentions:
  @juliechrissis: 1 times
kristianankotb mentions:
  @jrkgirlnla: 1 times
  @cande99: 1 times
  @CrC: 1 times
  @davynathan: 1 times
  @TheWockeez: 1 times
  @KentuckyTour: 1 times
  @ebassman: 1 times
  @ColorblindFish: 1 times
  @CrunchyK: 1 times
phillyredz mentions:
  @ladyw87: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
smith_cameron mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @acasalena: 1 times
  @daneatkinson: 1 times
  @davinchew: 1 times
  @snookca: 1 times
  @joshkill: 1 times
  @ericareitman: 1 times
eddaworldfamous mentions:
  @napps126: 1 times
  @lexpromotions: 1 times
  @hugorichardson: 1 times
  @terrishrmn: 1 times
  @robdade: 1 times
  @lpmggmarv: 1 times
lizzs_lockeroom mentions:
  @stevethegoose: 1 times
  @FrankBecker: 1 times
  @shird: 1 times
  @VentureLevel: 1 times
  @oliviamunn: 1 times
  @LizzsLockeroom: 1 times
  @savsci: 1 times
fasterfastergo mentions:
  @thecleversheepIndy: 1 times
  @GreatLakeSwim: 1 times
  @forestcitylovrs: 1 times
  @saidthewhale: 1 times
  @TokyoPoliceClub: 1 times
  @wintersleep: 1 times
  @samrobertsband: 1 times
twistedlizard mentions:
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @chirpio: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @simiuzamere: 1 times
  @chbloss: 1 times
  @OsnatBresler: 1 times
  @lindaAWI: 1 times
mrsvoss mentions:
  @LIVESTRONG: 1 times
  @wwfclimate: 1 times
  @oxfamamerica: 1 times
  @humanesociety: 1 times
  @socialgood: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @alexslemonade: 1 times
kellyg5 mentions:
loubortone mentions:
  @UrsulaKauth: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @travisgreenlee: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @tinacook: 1 times
jeffzaret mentions:
  @DaytonChamber@davidebowman@chriscelek@preppydude@doritos4dinner: 1 times
wechattotext mentions:
  @ShoppingLinda: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @TweetRamona: 1 times
  @OrganicFreak: 1 times
  @loveshanay: 1 times
  @LouiseMayes: 1 times
  @GrowersFirst: 1 times
  @GodReports: 1 times
linuslive mentions:
  @lisaloeb4real: 1 times
entrecon mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
fabulman mentions:
  @ErikaZambrano: 1 times
  @kudry: 1 times
  @joralher: 1 times
  @ajordanah: 1 times
obscurehorror mentions:
  @KeepAustinWired: 1 times
  @mindysteele: 1 times
  @JohnnyHorror30: 1 times
  @lesliesimpson: 1 times
  @ToxicaAcid: 1 times
  @uwillbeheard: 1 times
  @MrsWerewolf: 1 times
  @fearshop: 1 times
mstrinityv mentions:
  @DeadDenim: 1 times
  @STARANDDRAMAFollowFriday: 1 times
  @phillychase1@IntrstngTweeple: 1 times
  @mheadd@simplystatus: 1 times
  @Deaddenim: 1 times
  @ChrisCity: 1 times
  @titi215: 1 times
  @chuckyboy302: 1 times
terrymyers mentions:
  @timmywa: 1 times
greekgoddessatl mentions:
  @ljomack: 1 times
  @vandeberghe: 1 times
  @urmynv: 1 times
  @laurenarielo: 1 times
  @indiemoviemaker: 1 times
  @powerglen: 1 times
  @kelvinewilliams: 1 times
  @LilEsa: 1 times
lithfin mentions:
  @simplyme777: 1 times
  @IDCEE: 1 times
  @lithfin: 1 times
  @NikolayS: 1 times
  @ainokaze: 1 times
  @dennydov: 1 times
dreamscapesbaby mentions:
  @LemonTreeCards: 1 times
  @makeatailwag: 1 times
  @TheBabyTree: 1 times
  @MilosCreations: 1 times
  @MLBoutique: 1 times
  @bibzees: 1 times
  @perkulater: 1 times
giovanni_01 mentions:
  @abigvictory: 1 times
janetslack mentions:
  @Sophfronia: 1 times
wtffeed mentions:
  @Trentreznor: 1 times
rachy123075 mentions:
  @CancerWise: 1 times
  @knowcancer: 1 times
  @SU2C: 1 times
  @stupidcancer: 1 times
mitejoe mentions:
  @djaaries: 1 times
  @allthesausages: 1 times
  @pukashellsnrain: 1 times
  @buddythereddog: 1 times
  @ceoworld: 1 times
  @tomraines: 1 times
  @zuzumarie: 1 times
  @budbabe10: 1 times
  @keeponwagging: 1 times
britannica mentions:
  @ContraryMag: 1 times
ariaajaeger mentions:
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @demiwood: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @catndaboyz: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @guynapper: 1 times
  @ubercoolnerd: 1 times
lfkcrew mentions:
  @QuotesQuotes: 1 times
  @LITHIUMPICNIC: 1 times
  @jaushe: 1 times
  @WithoutThought: 1 times
  @olderthanyou70: 1 times
  @trashhits: 1 times
  @LyonenFrance: 1 times
  @Monstermusic: 1 times
  @Doubleornothing: 1 times
roberthruzek mentions:
  @ChrisCree: 1 times
imkeepingup mentions:
  @MuzixPowerDuo: 1 times
  @Imkeepingup: 1 times
  @blackshopping: 1 times
  @honeysoul: 1 times
ohcurt mentions:
  @angryaussie: 1 times
christina_lynn mentions:
  @JoeCortez: 1 times
  @jobsearchcoach: 1 times
  @ExecJobCoach: 1 times
themunny mentions:
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @themunny: 1 times
alsamuelson mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @fulcan: 1 times
  @colleenlindsay: 1 times
  @pipwerks: 1 times
ralfg mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
joebruzzese mentions:
  @jeffwolfsberg: 1 times
  @psychcentral: 1 times
  @SueSchett: 1 times
  @kgreenstreet: 1 times
  @keithferrazzi: 1 times
  @MentalEdge: 1 times
  @joebruzzese: 1 times
  @hcibooks1: 1 times
griffinsgarage mentions:
  @C4Liberty: 1 times
  @S604: 1 times
  @BreakoutStocks: 1 times
  @drewpeterson10: 1 times
  @TheFlaCracker: 1 times
  @FoamPro: 1 times
  @SouthFLTeaParty: 1 times
  @4570: 1 times
rhelms1 mentions:
  @eNestle: 1 times
ricancurves mentions:
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
clyyde mentions:
  @Jshelton2000: 1 times
  @lwahl1: 1 times
  @FitLeaf: 1 times
  @artguido: 1 times
  @CharPrincessa: 1 times
  @HouseOfJerky: 1 times
  @jasontryfon: 1 times
cooloscar mentions:
  @ProdByBLACKK: 1 times
  @ChantellePaige: 1 times
  @DaRealMrDevine: 1 times
  @SamJones7: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @icjackson: 1 times
  @DanielleRicks: 1 times
  @CoolOscar: 1 times
robblandon mentions:
  @beamMEpro: 1 times
  @theRecruiterGuy: 1 times
  @michaelmarlatt: 1 times
  @TriumphCIO: 1 times
  @BillVick: 1 times
  @ExecuSearch: 1 times
ksavo mentions:
  @thekarin: 1 times
  @ShopCauses: 1 times
smkphoto mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @SQUAREGIRL: 1 times
jcannata mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @soundgirl: 1 times
  @KasiaRachfall: 1 times
  @dumbassity: 1 times
  @DavidBTwit: 1 times
  @raid1907: 1 times
  @JCannata: 1 times
laughingwolf mentions:
  @FORSCOM: 1 times
  @WWII: 1 times
  @LovLesmile: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @pritzkerlibrary: 1 times
  @Knottienature: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101@linlori: 1 times
  @BostonMaggie: 1 times
montyrules mentions:
  @alansheppard: 1 times
  @MontyRules: 1 times
  @sodell1504: 1 times
  @Wendywitwoo: 1 times
  @ArsenalSarah: 2 times
  @SimonFilmer: 1 times
  @felicityfuller: 1 times
  @FemmeFart: 1 times
brashlionroars mentions:
  @calindrome: 1 times
  @OperationOF: 1 times
ccmaine mentions:
  @ohangie: 1 times
  @jakks: 1 times
  @eatswell: 1 times
  @therichbrooks: 1 times
  @sikiss: 1 times
twtr4recruiting mentions:
beneubanks mentions:
  @HRdrummer: 1 times
aquarianbath mentions:
  @naughtyandnice: 1 times
  @BrendaChesney: 1 times
  @andreabaker816: 1 times
  @TootsiesTidbits: 1 times
  @DebAndersen: 1 times
  @designknitfun: 1 times
  @aleximanievents: 1 times
mscandy718 mentions:
  @KingofBrooklyn: 1 times
  @popozuda: 1 times
  @supermodlaviish: 1 times
  @Rocky09: 1 times
  @MsCandy718: 1 times
  @J: 1 times
traveleverywher mentions:
  @powerwriter: 1 times
treesbug mentions:
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @LovelyLu: 1 times
  @dellakay: 1 times
  @DediKatedVA: 1 times
psibreaker mentions:
  @tankyknight: 1 times
cidwoods mentions:
  @ubringmejoiRT: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
franmx mentions:
negaointernauta mentions:
  @marcorigotti: 1 times
  @negaointernauta: 1 times
crazyphoneguy mentions:
  @wmexperts: 1 times
  @androidcentral: 1 times
  @theiphoneblog: 1 times
  @treocentral: 1 times
  @precentral: 1 times
  @nokiaexperts: 1 times
  @crackberry: 1 times
m0remandee mentions:
  @hmaust: 1 times
  @barkleyrei: 1 times
  @m0remandee: 1 times
  @quizbot: 1 times
  @katava: 1 times
  @ultracruz6: 1 times
  @8dot3: 1 times
  @lauardelean: 1 times
  @bgdubo: 1 times
rowan72 mentions:
  @WTFFeed: 1 times
  @Trentreznor: 1 times
mandeladay mentions:
  @NYPhilanthropy: 1 times
  @servecommunity: 1 times
misshurricat mentions:
  @billrat365: 1 times
  @davehershey: 1 times
  @fortunes2tell: 1 times
  @donnajfox: 1 times
  @KimberleKelly: 1 times
  @marinealways: 1 times
  @zdavyd: 1 times
  @SassyStace: 1 times
muttiworld mentions:
  @Metromix: 1 times
  @centralillinois: 1 times
  @BuckinghamFntn: 1 times
  @aThousandFeetUp: 1 times
  @avillechamber: 1 times
  @NavyPier: 1 times
  @ilvacation: 1 times
  @DiscoverDuPage: 1 times
  @CloudGate: 1 times
chrisarrant mentions:
  @graemem: 1 times
  @Comixace: 1 times
  @hannibaltabu: 1 times
  @killkillkill: 1 times
  @VanetaRogers: 1 times
  @jkparkin: 1 times
  @richjohnston: 1 times
fabufun mentions:
  @seventhlayer: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @judyjay: 1 times
  @Wahanda: 1 times
mccall49 mentions:
  @crackerwax: 1 times
  @juicetw: 1 times
  @nemo487: 1 times
  @jonesy35: 1 times
  @4ahonaker: 1 times
  @kimdeberhard: 1 times
  @2muchperfection: 1 times
  @julesap: 1 times
  @agiam: 1 times
  @overtimeagain: 1 times
  @stug42: 1 times
blauton mentions:
liam_mather mentions:
  @JayGilmore: 1 times
stmikhael mentions:
  @RailBirdz: 1 times
neaq mentions:
  @brockleigh: 1 times
  @jimccarson: 1 times
  @moumukherjee: 1 times
  @bayoffundy: 1 times
  @JamesKoole: 1 times
  @BrianneRose: 1 times
silkytooth mentions:
  @Thereisawayjose: 1 times
  @autonomy14: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
  @ShaunyHoyes: 1 times
  @tennischick38: 1 times
iiclepress mentions:
  @palmerlaw: 1 times
  @TomBruno: 1 times
  @davidleibowitz: 1 times
  @attorneydonray: 1 times
  @bernietheatty: 1 times
  @PJCrotty: 1 times
  @musalaw: 1 times
  @HelenGunnar: 1 times
  @chicagoduilaw: 1 times
meredithmac mentions:
  @murshedzaheed: 1 times
  @senatorreid: 1 times
robertbarron1 mentions:
  @pekav: 1 times
faylemarquand mentions:
jcreaturetravel mentions:
  @foodimages: 1 times
dorje8l8l mentions:
  @hungerthon: 1 times
  @thegreeneconomy: 1 times
  @greenpeaceusa: 1 times
  @ListofChange: 1 times
  @idealistinnyc: 1 times
demetria1 mentions:
  @CoryBooker: 1 times
  @JoeySmith: 1 times
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @jkloren: 1 times
  @gregzencoach: 1 times
  @RJMedak: 1 times
  @PaulaAbdul: 1 times
  @Iwhodareswins: 1 times
tane883 mentions:
  @macuserboricua2: 1 times
craynell mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @yahaloma: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @kpenrose: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @BBhats: 1 times
  @nikolaevandrey: 1 times
  @JonAlfredsson: 1 times
  @mikeshurley: 1 times
  @coltsnsaints: 1 times
phyllismufson mentions:
  @JeanieMarshall: 1 times
chrismanning mentions:
  @lukecarbis: 1 times
  @sunshinetalia: 1 times
iowawriter mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
illbill1972 mentions:
  @EbGbmusic: 1 times
  @randysavares: 1 times
  @Paradime: 1 times
  @hexmurda: 1 times
  @illbill1972: 1 times
  @Copywrite: 1 times
  @hipticscom: 1 times
  @houseshoes: 1 times
  @malakithemosthi: 1 times
shawn_bbb mentions:
  @ICWinery: 1 times
  @tammystowe: 1 times
hamsterkitten mentions:
  @QueenMilf: 1 times
kingdomfirstmom mentions:
  @Neucky: 1 times
  @TexasHolly: 1 times
mimiteh26 mentions:
  @paula721: 1 times
kel_kel mentions:
  @Vermontcom: 1 times
sparkpeople mentions:
  @BeyondDaHammock: 1 times
  @pdawsmom: 1 times
  @lizstaley: 1 times
  @hydeparkblast: 1 times
  @Raftery: 1 times
gopmichael mentions:
  @GatorsNowHere: 1 times
bizmommentor mentions:
  @BettyFellowsWill: 1 times
kimthedork mentions:
  @skindberg: 1 times
suescheff mentions:
  @jenwag57: 1 times
  @SueScheff: 1 times
  @rolemommy: 1 times
  @sarahnewton: 1 times
  @BeShirtHappy: 1 times
  @amyZ5: 1 times
  @svmomsgroup: 1 times
  @MarinkaNYC: 1 times
  @musingsfromme: 1 times
  @PunditMom: 1 times
petscribbles mentions:
  @cococompany: 1 times
aminamat mentions:
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
  @angryzenmaster: 1 times
  @jeffwamester: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
  @CBCebulski: 1 times
hapa_kolea mentions:
  @giulianarancic: 1 times
  @davino: 1 times
  @jasonmraz: 1 times
  @anyamarina: 1 times
dnxtra mentions:
  @eatsleepbark: 1 times
thcrawford mentions:
  @CulinaryEscapes: 1 times
h0ney_ mentions:
  @number1producer: 1 times
  @DATBOMBCHIC: 1 times
  @aol: 1 times
  @h0ney: 1 times
  @Vena784: 1 times
  @cityhaze: 1 times
  @IAMMRJONES: 1 times
smith_drew mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
willotoons mentions:
  @threesunset: 1 times
  @willotoons: 1 times
gentlyrotate mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lennel mentions:
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @unfluff: 1 times
wazza12 mentions:
  @littleladylove: 2 times
  @howsta: 1 times
  @mrptah: 1 times
  @tarayap: 1 times
  @wazza12: 1 times
  @whitelamb: 1 times
flfmgroup mentions:
  @napps126: 1 times
  @philthemayor1: 1 times
  @shugashady: 1 times
  @marvinady: 1 times
  @flfmgroup: 1 times
  @sierrastorey: 1 times
bbille mentions:
  @TweetCaroline: 1 times
inspiremetoday mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @inspiremetoday: 1 times
  @KristinMorelli: 1 times
  @ArielleFord: 1 times
  @MarielHemingway@kathyireland: 1 times
caroline815 mentions:
  @phillydesign: 1 times
  @johhnny5: 1 times
mommytoaaj mentions:
  @renagades: 1 times
messiaenproject mentions:
  @MP3finder: 1 times
  @waynemcevilly: 1 times
  @Messiaen: 1 times
murrayed mentions:
  @AlabamaBeaches: 1 times
  @CatchCabinFever: 1 times
  @gatlinburgtn: 1 times
  @gosmoky: 1 times
beshirthappy mentions:
  @cheeriokeeper: 1 times
johncachero mentions:
  @debmarkham: 1 times
  @HRmusic: 1 times
songgalaxyrach mentions:
  @Crubalo: 1 times
  @AnniHamer: 1 times
  @23graeme23: 1 times
  @Cogglescom: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @DonnaRuocco: 1 times
  @PhilBestMusic: 1 times
shannondowney mentions:
  @PivotalChicago: 1 times
  @RAWchicago: 1 times
  @martinjon: 1 times
  @chigallerynews: 1 times
  @chicagoartdept: 1 times
petmayorcontest mentions:
  @fuzzypigz: 1 times
lancegodard mentions:
  @steigerlaw: 1 times
affinitykitchen mentions:
  @2PraiseGod: 1 times
  @markpetersen: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @decondemand: 1 times
  @airhair4: 1 times
  @garrymullen: 1 times
laradolilly mentions:
  @NortonBuffalo: 1 times
kraseybeauty mentions:
  @thisthatbeauty: 1 times
  @productgirl: 1 times
  @beauty411: 1 times
  @vexinthecity: 1 times
petermello mentions:
  @trollbeadsgal: 1 times
ptecdive mentions:
misssmith11 mentions:
birth_lactation mentions:
  @MarleeMatlin: 1 times
  @mrskutcher: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
napleshomeboy mentions:
  @chasemommy: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
raftery mentions:
  @hooeyspewer: 1 times
musicvixen mentions:
lindahickey mentions:
  @actioncenterpdx: 1 times
  @ohsuhealthcare: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
  @water1st: 1 times
pslutsky mentions:
  @trainday@tylerjhudson: 1 times
  @asdem: 1 times
  @ronce: 1 times
  @LauraGro: 1 times
  @ppina18: 1 times
  @ggreeneva: 1 times
  @platinumtheory: 1 times
  @bradbaumn: 1 times
  @gdungan3008: 1 times
  @PElliottAP: 1 times
malia111 mentions:
  @typeamom: 1 times
ice_empress mentions:
  @pagankelly: 1 times
  @iceempress: 1 times
  @saynine: 1 times
  @aphalloides: 1 times
  @thepixiepop: 1 times
  @psychediver: 1 times
  @misstori: 1 times
  @avengelynne: 1 times
prettyyella mentions:
  @JStoneCGE: 1 times
  @EUGENALEE: 1 times
  @lmg2green: 1 times
  @Thicknsexy954: 1 times
  @prettyyella: 1 times
  @Rhispectcus: 1 times
amiarijit mentions:
  @123GreetingsCom: 1 times
32northstabil mentions:
  @flytenewmediaWhat: 1 times
mopjock mentions:
  @EaglesNestWine: 1 times
  @CBCWinery: 1 times
  @Gremolata: 1 times
  @Kalindria: 1 times
  @jdbuerger: 1 times
  @DonantiFamily: 1 times
  @MopJock: 1 times
  @Winesmith: 1 times
  @WineLabelREview: 1 times
  @Howar: 1 times
edwinwallace mentions:
  @goonth: 1 times
ronaldwilsher mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
soulsupreme mentions:
  @RossMiles: 1 times
  @j0shsanch3z: 1 times
  @wscaddie56: 1 times
  @ThunderingBlurb: 1 times
  @kennethlim: 1 times
  @carolinaware: 1 times
  @alldayfootball: 1 times
didyaq mentions:
  @BCRescueUK: 1 times
  @servicedogs: 1 times
  @localhumane@doglostuk: 1 times
  @oneliferescue: 1 times
  @bcrescue: 1 times
  @rspcaofficial@oldiesclub: 1 times
  @kyhumane@soidogphuket: 1 times
summertime_grl mentions:
  @cande99: 1 times
  @YoungQ: 1 times
hadu mentions:
  @worldofblues: 1 times
  @fourstringfuror: 1 times
  @waltergross: 1 times
  @FitzgeraldKC: 1 times
  @karenhanson: 1 times
  @bluesguitarman: 1 times
  @DeltaBlues: 1 times
  @fulltimeblues: 1 times
catem mentions:
  @gorillavsbear: 1 times
blackjackbaby mentions:
  @NOH8Campaign: 1 times
adsenseriches mentions:
  @fratel: 1 times
  @itsmanning: 1 times
  @martymisner: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
  @SvyATL: 1 times
  @OneAverageJoe: 1 times
  @anitasantiago: 1 times
  @patrickmeehan: 1 times
melanienugent mentions:
  @BeShirtHappy: 1 times
searchfeed mentions:
  @ActionBusiness: 1 times
  @Jojet: 1 times
  @autografik: 1 times
thecenturyhouse mentions:
  @UrbanDecorSue: 1 times
beautywriter mentions:
  @emperornorton: 1 times
sforsyth01 mentions:
  @DJBonics: 1 times
eatdrinkrepeat mentions:
  @SavorSoupHouse: 1 times
zindella mentions:
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @bradholtz: 1 times
  @joeltweet: 1 times
  @mediatrustpete: 1 times
  @GrahamHill: 1 times
  @anamariallopis: 1 times
keyser1soze mentions:
  @bustops: 1 times
  @kickstarter: 1 times
  @insightly: 1 times
  @lensculture: 1 times
strmy931 mentions:
  @HarryConnickJr: 1 times
joanalopes mentions:
  @lilione: 1 times
  @inimigo: 1 times
  @IvanC: 1 times
  @liesandjest: 1 times
  @ivangoncalves: 1 times
  @JMF1957: 1 times
  @JPDIAS: 1 times
  @joaolynch: 1 times
  @joebest66: 1 times
  @jvsarquitecto: 1 times
chadderr mentions:
  @aceofspace: 1 times
dotsworld mentions:
  @Zindella: 1 times
  @pipizchoice: 1 times
  @Dotsworld: 1 times
  @StefanW: 1 times
  @FreeBeing: 1 times
  @perfal: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
monkfishy mentions:
  @ursulas: 1 times
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
chicagobungalow mentions:
  @ChiMike: 1 times
  @JonnyLawChicago: 1 times
  @FrankCanzolino: 1 times
  @ChiNewsBench: 1 times
  @MarathonPundit: 1 times
  @dancurry: 1 times
  @AnnaTarkov: 1 times
  @NotWired: 1 times
heartwork mentions:
  @interactivearts: 2 times
  @MelissaDWFave: 1 times
  @claudiamm37: 1 times
  @cherishart: 1 times
  @heartwork: 1 times
stardustdads mentions:
  @YourNovel: 1 times
  @ColumbiaUP: 1 times
  @WritingSalon: 1 times
  @cncbooks: 1 times
  @ClintonBooks: 1 times
  @eburypublishing: 1 times
  @CoffeeHouse: 1 times
  @houseobooks: 1 times
mikestivala mentions:
  @JP666: 1 times
  @chaosfilms: 1 times
  @MendoCoast: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @robertjohndavis: 1 times
  @kwidrick: 1 times
ilovemom mentions:
  @LeaAdaFranco: 1 times
  @dogeatdoug: 1 times
  @hodgman: 1 times
rickydanny mentions:
  @hiveprojects: 1 times
allyclark mentions:
  @vinomike: 1 times
nicolesb mentions:
  @ThinkingBoston: 1 times
  @SocialBoston: 1 times
  @sarahWurrey: 1 times
  @silvase: 1 times
  @connectorsRus: 1 times
  @yoonjlee: 1 times
  @sarahmerion: 1 times
  @carlablumenthal: 1 times
sass_a_licious mentions:
rightmichigan mentions:
  @IanSchuetz: 1 times
  @woosters: 1 times
  @PerkyPatriot: 1 times
  @robmacomber: 1 times
richardmonreal mentions:
  @kugey: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @plasticwhistle: 1 times
  @Jenreynolds25@moovinmilk: 1 times
  @CTRaider: 1 times
  @DJSMOOK: 1 times
  @HeyBradshaw: 1 times
  @Syke420: 1 times
  @fratur: 1 times
wmsnedden mentions:
  @neilhimself@RichardDawkins@BadAstronomer@wilw: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
crazthonfry mentions:
  @DjCthulhu: 1 times
  @savagedetective: 1 times
doris22 mentions:
  @HeyTammyBruce: 1 times
wholefoods mentions:
  @WFMCheese: 1 times
  @WFMWineGuys: 1 times
  @WholeRecipes: 1 times
thesoftlanding mentions:
  @greenandhealthy: 1 times
  @donielle: 1 times
  @momspark: 1 times
  @krilana: 1 times
  @greenergirl: 1 times
  @suekearney: 1 times
  @greenbabynyc: 1 times
  @momsinspire: 1 times
  @jesscera: 1 times
  @theecochic: 1 times
onebailey mentions:
  @BoysTownNevada: 1 times
daydreaminmogul mentions:
  @MsiCandiSexyIAM: 1 times
  @TawagPromotions: 1 times
  @MissPYT83: 1 times
  @justthierry: 1 times
  @urbanperspectiv: 1 times
  @Dj2Gutta: 1 times
  @BossHall: 1 times
  @PaidByBeats: 1 times
  @daydreamin: 1 times
jenniholbrook mentions:
  @MidLifeMadness: 1 times
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
nicheprof mentions:
  @ElsomEldridge: 1 times
  @jimturner: 1 times
  @paulina1: 1 times
  @gwynnfowler: 1 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @ateegarden: 1 times
  @joelwesseldyke: 1 times
ohbribri mentions:
gfillustrator mentions:
  @ajasgarden: 1 times
  @CeliacTips: 1 times
  @encision: 1 times
  @GFGlutton: 1 times
traegergrills mentions:
  @BBQAddictsJason: 1 times
  @noexcusesbbq: 1 times
  @smokeindaeye: 1 times
  @smokinmanbbq: 1 times
  @hotsaucedaily: 1 times
  @porkbarrelbbq: 1 times
  @bbqgrail: 1 times
  @divaqbbq: 1 times
chrisrisi mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mandylindgren mentions:
  @PreKlanguages: 1 times
evitae mentions:
  @Atrusni: 1 times
iammidus mentions:
  @napps126: 1 times
  @wolrdwidewebbz: 1 times
  @phatzmcfly: 1 times
  @freddybz: 1 times
  @valholla: 1 times
  @iammid: 1 times
tonic813 mentions:
  @Gyant: 1 times
tandaokungfu mentions:
  @combaton: 1 times
maggiekattan mentions:
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
jeaniemarshall mentions:
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
designsbyjenn mentions:
  @Butterflygirlms: 1 times
  @Waterbaby79: 1 times
  @DesignsbyJenn: 1 times
  @AeroAngel: 1 times
  @ShayneSays: 1 times
  @JenniferDupree: 1 times
  @MommaDrama: 1 times
  @Mish1125: 1 times
  @bill029: 1 times
cassanlilo mentions:
  @ArtyTheCat: 1 times
  @ThatStripeyCat: 1 times
  @HerGraceTheCat: 1 times
  @orangecatblues: 1 times
  @psuede: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @DunkintheCat: 1 times
can8iv mentions:
  @Furnituregodess: 1 times
  @modbird: 1 times
  @creativehome: 1 times
  @WandaSHorton: 1 times
  @ProjectSupport: 1 times
apmonkey mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
ann4324 mentions:
  @mermaids777: 1 times
  @JordanSekulow: 1 times
  @GTDChris: 1 times
  @ScottWGraves: 1 times
  @waynek: 1 times
  @frank717: 1 times
  @IsraelNewsNow: 1 times
  @TalulahStarr: 1 times
  @MajoratWH: 1 times
znmeb mentions:
  @wildfirefitness: 1 times
  @unm00red: 1 times
  @thethermals: 1 times
  @alanpdx: 1 times
  @thisKat: 1 times
  @shutupjami: 1 times
  @n3tw0rking: 1 times
  @dividedsequence: 1 times
kalsoom82 mentions:
  @mirza9: 1 times
jersey_gyrl mentions:
  @JaiAsh: 1 times
matthewb mentions:
  @MattWilsontv: 1 times
fleckman mentions:
  @hetty4christ: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @TheFlaCracker: 1 times
  @NataliePage: 1 times
  @tmpollard: 1 times
terriwv mentions:
  @sockingtonthe: 1 times
amysbryant mentions:
  @ravitangri: 1 times
  @iyeshe: 1 times
  @technoshaman: 1 times
  @chriscorrigan: 1 times
  @amysbryant: 1 times
  @Mushin: 1 times
aznumis mentions:
  @andai: 1 times
rudymoman mentions:
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @imsure: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @BeaconofLight: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @MaryHogan: 1 times
  @mkellner: 1 times
  @NDoubles: 1 times
  @drscoundrels: 1 times
dpwallace mentions:
  @securityintern: 1 times
  @andrewsmhay: 1 times
kmwss2c mentions:
  @robinslick: 1 times
  @litpark: 1 times
  @lancerey: 1 times
  @nickbelardes: 1 times
  @smallplaces: 1 times
  @bumblesquare: 1 times
  @spacedlawyer: 1 times
jahmarflfm mentions:
  @FLFMgroup: 1 times
  @napps126: 1 times
  @philthemayor1: 1 times
  @shugashady: 1 times
  @marvinady: 1 times
  @flfmgroup: 1 times
  @sierrastorey: 1 times
genegeorge mentions:
niceballz mentions:
  @Wolfrum: 1 times
wicked_munk mentions:
  @smexybooks: 1 times
  @andreadesherb: 1 times
  @smokinhotbooks: 1 times
  @romancerookie: 1 times
  @ebookpushers: 1 times
  @Hasbookspushers: 1 times
earlylight333 mentions:
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
purplemic mentions:
  @tmorello: 1 times
  @Moshcam: 1 times
  @TheDandyWarhols: 1 times
  @indie1031: 1 times
  @Ostara666: 1 times
  @Marshalus: 1 times
  @PurpleMic: 1 times
  @MarcScottEmery: 1 times
daytonalagoon mentions:
  @PizzaBella: 1 times
  @DLWackyTubeMan: 1 times
  @WakeUpwithDougK: 1 times
  @LibbyG39: 1 times
  @KariWrites: 1 times
printnyc mentions:
  @janinesimmons: 1 times
smittenamber mentions:
  @smittengreta: 1 times
  @sdohana: 1 times
  @zakschwank: 1 times
  @abramichelle: 1 times
  @imageisfound: 1 times
  @lisalove: 1 times
  @meghanduke: 1 times
  @tamminowack: 1 times
  @nicolegalletta: 1 times
pilot_theatre mentions:
  @pilottheatre: 1 times
  @yorktheatre: 1 times
  @shifthapppens: 1 times
thatsus mentions:
  @cheriana: 1 times
  @ReevesTampa: 1 times
  @assocjewelers: 1 times
  @serenityaeris: 1 times
blubrry mentions:
  @gosuperego: 1 times
packetron mentions:
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
stephaniepuss mentions:
  @WholeFoods: 1 times
  @WFMCheese: 1 times
  @WFMWineGuys: 1 times
  @WholeRecipes: 1 times
keepingitright mentions:
  @worldprayr: 1 times
lizgmaz mentions:
  @weirdchina: 2 times
  @0lli: 1 times
  @bernarde: 1 times
  @barrywilliams44: 1 times
  @darylsws: 1 times
  @NeedMoneyTips: 1 times
  @thomasjhardy: 1 times
  @JavierChua: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
digital_716 mentions:
  @HGHP: 2 times
  @Digital716: 1 times
  @cocca81: 1 times
somethingfishie mentions:
  @thecivilright: 1 times
memebee mentions:
  @AnalystAlterEgo: 1 times
  @beauche: 1 times
skinbro mentions:
  @YouRuddyGuys: 1 times
khaled mentions:
mkcheather1 mentions:
  @kindermom: 1 times
1smrtcookie mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
jwrandolph mentions:
  @lancehouser: 1 times
  @kenwardjr: 1 times
paul89015 mentions:
  @LovePeaceHappi: 1 times
  @thehitwoman: 1 times
  @Fowlervshoff: 1 times
  @REALJenHarman: 1 times
  @Laurie89015: 1 times
  @XFilesPoker: 1 times
  @lasvegasjen: 1 times
  @VanessaRousso: 1 times
pwgavin mentions:
  @danieltosh: 1 times
  @largeheartedboy: 1 times
  @jenny8lee: 1 times
kerrywells mentions:
  @httptwittercomDavidSeabrook: 1 times
  @httptwittercomFredStories: 1 times
bellamontie mentions:
amyjantzer mentions:
  @KellyGalea: 1 times
  @BrianJacobs: 1 times
  @ArrangingPixels: 1 times
  @emailStationery: 1 times
  @SoSocial: 1 times
simplystatus mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @simplystatus: 1 times
gloreebe88 mentions:
  @jenngivler: 1 times
stupefy mentions:
  @discomaulvi: 1 times
  @ammaryasir: 1 times
k_fulford mentions:
  @jenniferskip: 1 times
  @EdSalgado: 1 times
  @Calhoun29: 1 times
  @donjuandomain: 1 times
  @Seaplane150: 1 times
  @glendawhite100: 1 times
  @drmgirl325: 1 times
  @MrRenaissance: 1 times
buttaflibeauti mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @TheHighRoad: 1 times
  @BlaqBlossom: 1 times
  @ButtafliBeauti@MaraSpires: 1 times
  @SageAyanna: 1 times
  @flyTie: 1 times
nimrael mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @michaelhubbard: 1 times
  @Dreamstime: 1 times
seodepot mentions:
  @Yogeebaer: 1 times
cliffordshikler mentions:
  @juliaroy: 1 times
lucieocteau mentions:
  @missclaude: 1 times
  @bijoufou: 1 times
chef17 mentions:
  @divathatateny: 1 times
  @waffletruck: 1 times
  @CupcakeStop: 1 times
emiliebarta mentions:
  @lotsofdimples: 1 times
ollada mentions:
  @adjoro: 1 times
butlereditor mentions:
  @mdpitman: 1 times
  @ButlerEditor: 1 times
  @dgreber: 1 times
  @lhilty: 1 times
  @FairfieldEcho: 1 times
  @PulseJournal: 1 times
  @JournalNews: 1 times
dannylhardy mentions:
  @KitchenArtFL: 1 times
neocam mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bkdodgr mentions:
  @Wolfrum: 1 times
laurapasik mentions:
  @Fred0828: 1 times
  @greenteagirl: 1 times
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @that70sgrl: 1 times
  @Lizanneh: 1 times
  @getfitwithk: 1 times
  @ddrdiva: 1 times
  @JimmyVo: 1 times
vicnoho mentions:
  @Tazz602: 1 times
  @jtbritto: 1 times
  @Fisher6225: 1 times
  @UmbroTX: 1 times
  @5windows: 1 times
  @vicnoho: 1 times
  @jtrobins: 1 times
  @surferboris: 1 times
  @golougo: 1 times
andrewt522 mentions:
  @DoloresMBernal: 1 times
  @AnnPietrangelo: 1 times
  @philzombi: 1 times
  @edwardvirtually: 1 times
  @Pash1994: 1 times
debtdiva mentions:
  @SavingSense: 1 times
wbilliam66 mentions:
  @planetcaravan: 2 times
  @uwillbeheard: 1 times
  @wbilliam66: 1 times
  @sebastianbach: 1 times
  @bigsquirrel: 1 times
consumerqueen mentions:
  @pink27: 1 times
  @multitaskingme: 1 times
  @eGentry: 1 times
  @stephanieamous: 1 times
  @maywoodgroup: 1 times
  @24websurf: 1 times
  @gilliank: 1 times
  @Pepsico: 1 times
  @mammycat: 1 times
mmj5170 mentions:
  @dkrobbins: 1 times
kimplumley mentions:
  @sherikayehoff: 1 times
  @PeggyRichardson: 1 times
  @clairechapman: 1 times
  @KathyNelson: 1 times
  @mangopie: 1 times
  @uponrequestco: 1 times
shaunjamison mentions:
  @EthicsMaven: 1 times
  @RUatRISK: 1 times
kinden mentions:
  @savioj: 1 times
  @berekvam: 1 times
  @oslolive: 1 times
  @enslavedband: 1 times
  @datarocknett: 1 times
karenwhooley mentions:
  @vashtirama: 1 times
  @crochetbyfaye@thecrochetdude: 1 times
  @CraftGossip: 1 times
  @camanomade: 1 times
  @YarnHarlot: 1 times
troyscheertmg mentions:
  @tpentrepreneur: 1 times
  @ecombuffet: 1 times
  @orangecast: 1 times
  @cosguru: 1 times
  @charliecurve: 1 times
  @jimfortin: 1 times
  @terrybean: 1 times
  @miketon944: 1 times
  @jenfidel: 1 times
mineola mentions:
  @1payerdotnet: 1 times
ckirin mentions:
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @dianeaiello: 1 times
  @staceybarnes: 1 times
  @AlanNMD: 1 times
  @lanarushing: 1 times
  @jodymal: 1 times
  @brandgal: 1 times
komenaustin mentions:
  @komenaustin: 1 times
  @mammajammaride: 1 times
poshdasocialite mentions:
  @TrueVisionDubbz: 1 times
supplychainntwk mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @iabol: 1 times
  @truckerdesiree: 1 times
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @supplychainntwk: 1 times
  @SupplyChainNewz: 1 times
kelly208 mentions:
  @dorritos: 2 times
  @hipmamacita: 1 times
phierce mentions:
  @AuditionPortal: 1 times
nikkers mentions:
  @liquidslap: 1 times
  @t3flon006: 1 times
  @trniii: 1 times
  @Liquidslap: 1 times
wfaachannel8 mentions:
  @chrisflanagan: 1 times
  @wfaaalexa: 1 times
  @wfaaizzy: 1 times
  @wfaaweathertoo: 1 times
  @wfaashelly: 1 times
  @gloriacampos: 1 times
  @johnmccaa: 1 times
semothyjones mentions:
  @randomimpulse: 1 times
  @musicald: 1 times
  @terrordanjah: 1 times
  @semothyjones: 1 times
  @davidkelly: 1 times
  @loudmouthmelvin: 1 times
  @reemkanj: 1 times
  @egothieves: 1 times
  @mavericksabre: 1 times
jbizarro mentions:
  @viciadocinematv: 1 times
foodie411 mentions:
  @wendygoldman: 1 times
  @Caplansky: 1 times
patriot223 mentions:
  @JohnGaltKnows: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @marinemajor: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 2 times
  @the912project: 1 times
  @NCpeach: 1 times
  @yourmilitary: 1 times
  @PatriotInExile: 1 times
jamonwhite mentions:
theplace2save mentions:
  @JoyceSchneider1: 1 times
  @enzo: 1 times
  @dimestorebudget: 1 times
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
  @MarketingDollar: 1 times
  @Place2Save: 1 times
  @LoriSinger: 1 times
galleysmith mentions:
  @pocketbooks: 1 times
jenngivler mentions:
  @gloreebe88: 1 times
  @jenngivler: 1 times
jajouka mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @SQUAREGIRL: 1 times
papacoach mentions:
  @bchamlee: 1 times
  @joshuabiggar: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @keysoffaith: 1 times
  @Randyhogue: 1 times
  @aheartforgod: 1 times
  @papacoach: 1 times
  @emmysue20: 1 times
  @wandasanchez: 1 times
  @la: 1 times
tweetthiscruise mentions:
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
disneyfrankness mentions:
  @HitchhikinGhst: 1 times
newmediacincy mentions:
  @danieljohnsonjr: 1 times
michellelynn69 mentions:
  @compwallpaper: 1 times
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
  @Iamsrose: 1 times
  @artabasolo: 1 times
ivanpacheco mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
fingersmalloy mentions:
  @iConservative: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @QueenRobina: 1 times
  @jbaker50: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
conradgrills mentions:
  @BostinBloke: 1 times
  @TheFullDogSwing: 1 times
  @LAH27: 1 times
  @MickSturbs: 1 times
  @DoraJarr: 1 times
  @EddieMcBride: 1 times
  @TheOnlyGuru: 1 times
  @ladyofmisrule: 1 times
  @LunaJune: 1 times
yasminegalenorn mentions:
_buck mentions:
  @HappySchnitzel: 1 times
bribri2007 mentions:
  @CathrineFeehely: 2 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @BriBri2007: 1 times
  @JenniRyan: 1 times
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @Mom23: 1 times
  @fuzzyducky: 1 times
buffywrestling mentions:
  @EricVespe: 1 times
  @hercAICN: 1 times
  @NordlingAICN: 1 times
  @headgeek666: 1 times
  @Massawyrm: 1 times
  @mrbeaks: 1 times
  @aintitcool: 1 times
  @DrewAtHitFix: 1 times
thepicklebot mentions:
  @WickedlyWanton: 1 times
focusnewmedia mentions:
  @leapfrogg: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @rogueowlet: 1 times
  @edintfest: 1 times
leosaraceni mentions:
  @bornagambler: 1 times
  @kathiebobbitt: 1 times
  @stewartb2b: 1 times
  @TheMarketMatch: 1 times
  @leosaraceni: 1 times
guide2pc mentions:
  @hazmattmum: 1 times
  @empLawyer: 1 times
fergilmx mentions:
  @fradest: 1 times
joolswj mentions:
moneydriven mentions:
  @divasdontdrive: 1 times
  @DJKRAVE: 1 times
  @Hotyella817: 1 times
  @ItsLos: 1 times
  @LILE713: 1 times
  @modeladrienne: 1 times
  @jp1911: 1 times
  @moneydriven: 1 times
  @MrWard2GUCCI: 1 times
  @MTSTREET: 1 times
greenmarketco mentions:
  @misseli: 2 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @dbrownusc: 1 times
  @clarityfound: 1 times
  @ParkHowell: 1 times
nikamohar mentions:
  @RTblogs: 1 times
  @RealSolutions22: 1 times
  @tbianco: 1 times
  @paintcolorlover: 1 times
  @writeforyou: 1 times
  @SarahMO: 1 times
  @CathiLWoods: 1 times
  @WriteSuccess: 1 times
  @Bahamabob: 1 times
donllewis mentions:
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
  @dcjc: 1 times
  @tahDeetz: 1 times
  @pir8gold: 1 times
  @tamij: 1 times
  @nansen: 1 times
3lvis mentions:
  @gonzalotorres: 1 times
pastorldt mentions:
belvequeenb mentions:
  @belvequeenb: 1 times
  @iamakeem: 1 times
  @NaNi703: 1 times
maryellis mentions:
  @ncartmuseum: 1 times
misslafalot mentions:
  @SKSofCalifornia: 1 times
  @scotlandlover: 1 times
  @JonPaulLenczuk: 1 times
  @MissLafalot: 1 times
  @thomasfischer: 1 times
  @louisgray: 1 times
  @CarolRiddickRDU: 1 times
wendygyoung mentions:
  @HarmonicThought: 1 times
djghostusa mentions:
  @DJsogma: 1 times
  @DJSpear: 1 times
  @DJTatiana: 1 times
  @SanderVanDoorn: 1 times
  @DJGhostUSA: 1 times
  @AlyandFila: 1 times
  @SiedVanRiel: 1 times
  @GarethEmery: 1 times
  @DJAndyMoor: 1 times
  @MarcoV: 1 times
  @DJzany: 1 times
susansmoss mentions:
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @CoachBilal: 1 times
  @JulieBooz: 1 times
  @NEWYOUNOW: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @fb: 1 times
  @hisfriendlyway: 1 times
  @successsecret: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
sarahg42 mentions:
  @emielli: 1 times
  @jinxville: 1 times
  @loquaciousmuse: 1 times
  @tabraz: 1 times
  @mikeboudreau: 1 times
lagwolf mentions:
  @fridayluv@allenperson: 1 times
  @arvindsharma: 1 times
  @sweetiepi@kidbri@LagoonBand@JohnGaltKnows@DrShareD: 1 times
  @gail666: 1 times
  @jakematic: 1 times
caitlinmccready mentions:
  @secondhandstory: 1 times
so_tweet mentions:
libertysarmy3 mentions:
  @dumbassity: 1 times
  @1Cor1613: 1 times
  @1MysteryGirl: 1 times
  @allapparel: 1 times
  @BluegrassPundit: 1 times
  @CClinger: 1 times
  @dougpreston: 1 times
  @dcjc: 1 times
jinadcruz mentions:
moonovermaize mentions:
  @sigmosaics: 1 times
  @GetReadySetGo: 1 times
  @ThrushVintage: 1 times
  @iragrant: 1 times
  @connieaw: 1 times
  @jacjewelry: 1 times
damondavies mentions:
  @jesshug: 1 times
elegsufficiency mentions:
  @flopearedmule: 1 times
  @GlobalArtNews: 1 times
  @bittman: 1 times
  @jeffjarvis: 1 times
  @teaausten: 1 times
smsart mentions:
  @ryanseslow: 1 times
  @TedMikulski: 1 times
  @diannhaistart: 1 times
  @agallerylondon: 1 times
  @Winsorandnewt: 1 times
  @ArtCareerDiva: 1 times
poeticjustise mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @RT: 1 times
  @prosperitygirl: 1 times
imacsweb mentions:
  @ChrisSpagnuolo: 1 times
andersonz1 mentions:
imjustandree mentions:
  @AriesVenusStarr: 1 times
djpmoneyece mentions:
  @DJIKEGDA: 1 times
  @djblord@DJPMONEYECE: 1 times
  @djfrosty: 1 times
  @DJKryptoniteSDM: 1 times
  @DJDYNAMITE: 1 times
  @BIGGB973: 1 times
  @djprinceice: 1 times
  @skil: 1 times
tonyvirtual mentions:
  @annamartins: 1 times
  @followfriday: 1 times
  @nunogervasio: 1 times
moonflowerchild mentions:
  @JennaTart: 1 times
claudiamaccloud mentions:
  @AdmanceFollowFriday: 1 times
  @ClaudiaMacCloud: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @YRJewelryGal: 1 times
  @lisagilpin: 1 times
  @brainchildassoc: 1 times
  @zkinslow: 1 times
  @philgauthier: 1 times
lscottpht mentions:
  @amykarp: 1 times
  @laurabergerol: 1 times
  @STPimages: 1 times
diplomaticon mentions:
  @ISAFmedia: 1 times
jazzmalang mentions:
  @AlkalineProdigy: 1 times
  @MDK2002: 1 times
  @mikeyt85: 1 times
  @jazzmalang: 1 times
  @djdatz: 1 times
  @crackedactor: 1 times
  @enfu: 1 times
  @vomethod: 1 times
lesilva mentions:
  @Evidente: 1 times
  @bigdigo: 1 times
traceyboland mentions:
  @AlysonClipper: 1 times
model_melissa mentions:
  @LOSTWFTB: 1 times
  @DrDreia: 1 times
  @batchoutlost: 1 times
  @ccollinsmith: 1 times
  @justinkeyes: 1 times
  @nyakototo: 1 times
  @ZachsMind: 1 times
lepas mentions:
ahynes1 mentions:
  @ericawilliamsdc: 1 times
  @SenSherrodBrown: 1 times
  @lessig: 1 times
  @daviddonnelly: 1 times
  @robertgreenwald: 1 times
  @mrdaveyd: 1 times
alyiceedrich mentions:
lustfulrayne mentions:
  @ziofizbane: 1 times
nittwit7000 mentions:
  @ginthegin: 1 times
  @emmeffemm: 1 times
  @12C4: 1 times
nessie_c_cullen mentions:
  @BlackJacob: 1 times
  @EmilyinLaPush: 1 times
  @ClaireinLaPush: 1 times
  @EmbryinLaPush: 1 times
jshelton2000 mentions:
  @aCitizenSoldier: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @AngelsforHope: 1 times
  @bunnypoo4U2: 1 times
  @BiggJonn: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @USOofNC: 1 times
  @majastevanovich: 1 times
  @Makenzesgranna: 1 times
mattdecamp mentions:
  @oakridgeboys: 1 times
  @johncleese: 1 times
  @bing: 1 times
  @robhuebel: 1 times
  @bonnaroo: 1 times
  @athfest: 1 times
  @stevelopezjr: 1 times
  @casualandfluid: 1 times
  @arizonamusic: 1 times
  @solobasssteve: 1 times
zoe__ mentions:
  @CosmicJase: 1 times
  @ThisisDavina: 1 times
  @iamlittleboots: 1 times
  @SarahFTW: 1 times
  @ScottM: 1 times
  @Douggiedouglass: 1 times
  @paulsafc: 1 times
  @EddieArgos: 1 times
  @Stephenfry: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
dragonflyb mentions:
  @HellcatBetty: 1 times
brittyinpink mentions:
  @eboogie: 1 times
  @akwashington: 1 times
  @mochaclub: 1 times
  @thepioneerwoman: 1 times
  @DetzelPretzel: 1 times
jeffisageek mentions:
  @TechGuyTom: 1 times
  @EdRoberts: 1 times
kebers mentions:
  @kyaxcheeks: 1 times
  @CalvinTheGenius: 1 times
  @shenekaadams: 1 times
  @StarlynnB: 1 times
  @Drakkardnoir: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
1business mentions:
  @Judi6o9FollowFriday: 1 times
  @UrbanJibaro: 1 times
  @Swirl305: 1 times
  @ThatDope: 1 times
  @juliannerowat: 1 times
  @KaramoInc: 1 times
  @MonetMinerals: 1 times
  @dannyintampa: 1 times
  @1BUSINESS: 1 times
  @skyyhighent: 1 times
lynnlovestennis mentions:
mikojava mentions:
  @katerosephoto: 1 times
  @lizsong: 1 times
nigel_morgan mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
mrbobbyo mentions:
  @DanalyDesign: 1 times
  @HunterValmontPR: 1 times
  @jacquerowland: 1 times
  @SEOWebDesign: 1 times
  @mrbobbyo: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
nancyjparra mentions:
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @STYLEMOM: 1 times
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @nikkimorris: 1 times
  @kmcooley: 1 times
  @Judi609: 1 times
  @Imtrulyblessed: 1 times
  @carolinaware: 1 times
  @NancyEllyn: 1 times
emmacossey mentions:
thevintagevibe mentions:
  @imjstsayin: 1 times
  @varassanan: 1 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @JimForman: 1 times
  @fancylucky: 1 times
  @NathanFlores17: 1 times
cwuw mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @duncanalney: 1 times
  @paulpoteet: 1 times
  @gloveboxgourmet: 1 times
  @cwuw: 1 times
markconrau mentions:
  @quietlaughter: 1 times
breakthruguy mentions:
  @AffirmationSpot: 1 times
cmaeyc mentions:
  @naeyc: 1 times
  @gailconway: 1 times
  @ilaeyc: 1 times
vladgeorgescu mentions:
  @DanielaL: 1 times
aircraftpost mentions:
  @CorporateJets: 1 times
  @AircrewBuzz: 1 times
  @AvGuide: 1 times
  @Av8rdan: 1 times
  @BizAv: 1 times
muksak mentions:
  @InspiredCompany: 1 times
  @dogsandcats: 1 times
  @BoredomBusters: 1 times
nettyp mentions:
  @lizisgully: 2 times
  @ChristopherCoke: 1 times
  @TheRealNobody: 1 times
  @OnYaddyMode: 1 times
  @Eatthecakenyc: 1 times
  @uncivilized: 1 times
bawaaldotcom mentions:
  @vaishali007: 1 times
mrsjames_waters mentions:
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
dmarie161 mentions:
  @GretchenMensing: 1 times
  @MichFitness: 1 times
agersh mentions:
  @mucheazy: 1 times
  @edsullivan: 1 times
  @glenngabe: 1 times
  @alchmst: 1 times
  @BrotherUSA: 1 times
  @rickdsilver: 1 times
  @rmorlano: 1 times
  @hoopsforlife: 1 times
  @awitty: 1 times
  @dbinkowski: 1 times
togetherwf mentions:
  @latesa: 1 times
  @BurghRealtor: 1 times
  @sparkwisdom: 1 times
  @JustWrite: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @angiechaplin: 1 times
  @texasmommy77: 1 times
  @CoachEva: 1 times
  @Madison14: 1 times
  @stargardener: 1 times
docpetera mentions:
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
picasso235 mentions:
  @NatasiaGriffin: 1 times
  @DaSilvaHalo: 1 times
  @delmus: 1 times
  @THICKDECADENCE: 1 times
joegigantino mentions:
  @RollinsWallace: 1 times
  @JCinQC: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @jessicajames: 1 times
  @JodiWhisenhunt: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
blueridgedining mentions:
  @CabanaGPI: 1 times
  @GreatHallBar: 1 times
  @HorizonsGPI: 1 times
  @fobes: 1 times
  @CLTdining: 1 times
  @Foodtopia: 1 times
  @AshevilleFoodie: 1 times
  @wnccheap: 1 times
  @BanquetsGPI: 1 times
  @marlamilling: 1 times
john_hinds mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @johnhinds: 1 times
matthewpetro mentions:
  @shollenback: 1 times
pbreaze mentions:
  @twochix1: 1 times
gethoneycutt mentions:
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
braisonm mentions:
  @virtuosoblogger: 1 times
  @sdesic: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @BraisonM: 1 times
  @CoryFroomkin: 1 times
  @jaws1: 1 times
  @MooseheadLager: 1 times
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
melissawrites mentions:
  @quivermamma: 1 times
  @robyntweettweet: 1 times
  @truthisstranger: 1 times
  @DebraMarrs: 1 times
  @MobiMom: 1 times
serraxor mentions:
  @Valke: 1 times
  @NintendoTheory: 1 times
  @SnakeLinkSonic: 1 times
  @Zombrows: 1 times
  @h0usee: 1 times
  @Daeruna: 1 times
  @ctplante: 1 times
  @jeffgrubb: 1 times
  @yen24: 1 times
wmsphotography mentions:
  @EclipseGFX: 1 times
  @LaylaLavigne: 1 times
  @ModelJhai: 1 times
  @MsBreDanielle: 1 times
  @Paychi: 1 times
  @lovejones83: 1 times
  @NettyP: 1 times
afghanistanlast mentions:
  @ShariJ01: 1 times
  @majbc1: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @qascat: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
mateoviento mentions:
  @Tweetsbian: 1 times
hamletmaschine mentions:
69wolf mentions:
  @MelissaEGilbert: 1 times
  @mrskutcher: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
fabulousfaces mentions:
  @faithgoddess7FOLLOWFRIDAY: 1 times
  @WritingLight: 1 times
  @zenshine: 1 times
  @AliciaBeauty: 1 times
  @Fabulousfaces: 1 times
  @YTCouture: 1 times
  @BlaqVixenBeauty: 1 times
  @robthrive: 1 times
  @Dawnmit: 1 times
icemanceo mentions:
  @J1S2004: 1 times
  @icemanceo: 1 times
marshafriedman mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @wearethecure: 1 times
  @KauaiMare: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @lisajohnson: 1 times
  @johnlusher: 1 times
sam101554 mentions:
  @loriellenew: 1 times
thestacey mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @mikekujawski: 1 times
nomeatathlete mentions:
  @SterlingSher: 1 times
  @m38967: 1 times
  @cyktrussell: 1 times
  @kveggiegrl: 1 times
  @JoeNetwork: 1 times
  @ultrarunnergirl: 1 times
  @RuNikiRun: 1 times
bobopera mentions:
  @teniralCist: 1 times
  @wheresrunnicles: 1 times
  @audiophilia: 1 times
  @operpranosaurus: 1 times
  @Cigleris: 1 times
  @SimonThomas41: 1 times
  @tommypearson: 1 times
  @BBCMusicMag: 1 times
jimh mentions:
  @tarek: 1 times
  @mobilesociety: 1 times
  @beermerchants: 1 times
  @hostageinqatar: 1 times
  @mobile20: 1 times
  @recessionrecipe: 1 times
tgmason mentions:
  @TalkDoc2: 1 times
  @tgmason: 1 times
robinbrittain mentions:
  @Zerochamp: 2 times
adamainbinder mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
wonderfulwines mentions:
  @PamFH: 1 times
  @Vinicouture: 1 times
  @raelinnwine: 1 times
  @alawine: 1 times
repressd mentions:
  @CBorah: 1 times
gmadden1 mentions:
  @Cat: 1 times
  @andreajoycohen: 1 times
  @HappyHealthyPup: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @scottgould: 1 times
brokenhours mentions:
  @SoniaTheRed: 1 times
  @CosmicCharlie97: 1 times
  @shooter: 1 times
  @betsywhim: 1 times
  @shawnlevy: 1 times
  @pdxpopnow: 1 times
its_me_betty mentions:
  @ShanaPrince: 1 times
localgovtweets mentions:
  @matsfagerberg: 2 times
kickofftopic mentions:
  @kickofftopic: 1 times
  @coolgreensearch: 1 times
chris_jen mentions:
  @stoneywayne: 1 times
  @brett4020: 1 times
  @laurenjenk: 1 times
  @officephantom: 1 times
  @haydenlink: 1 times
  @robhuebel: 1 times
jamiecullumfans mentions:
  @faulko1: 1 times
eaurganic mentions:
  @BuyCndianFirst: 1 times
  @ElevateMagazine: 1 times
  @canadianliving: 1 times
  @PTPA: 1 times
  @louloumagazine: 1 times
  @PlanetOrganic: 1 times
lukemv mentions:
  @AngieZherself: 1 times
jaypers mentions:
  @QueryTracker: 1 times
  @agentquery: 1 times
  @jamieharrington: 1 times
  @sztownsend81: 1 times
  @mizwrite: 1 times
  @jimsissy: 1 times
jaylaw1 mentions:
  @TBSonK97: 1 times
prtzlrodstewart mentions:
  @valerie2776: 1 times
  @gingerchildren: 1 times
  @eleighdubs: 1 times
  @EugeneMirman: 1 times
  @poorender: 1 times
  @michcoll: 1 times
  @meganmaria: 1 times
naavv mentions:
porsheamitchell mentions:
  @nekishamichelle: 1 times
jessmcflyxxx mentions:
  @cazp09: 1 times
  @DubarryMcfly: 1 times
  @DonnaJonesMcfly: 1 times
  @Depond: 1 times
  @anniegxxx: 1 times
  @looloojoju: 1 times
  @RebekahMcfly: 1 times
  @elfy21: 1 times
  @BethanyMcflyX: 1 times
rivetedtweets mentions:
  @brainpicker: 1 times
joetheproducer mentions:
  @nataliewalker84@cmbsweden: 1 times
  @GottaLaff: 1 times
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @CkrofOne: 1 times
designershoe mentions:
  @glamtweets: 1 times
  @RetailEye: 1 times
  @bevello: 1 times
  @MissNolcha: 1 times
  @jyotika: 1 times
  @SoJones: 1 times
  @TOMSshoes: 1 times
  @FashMarketing: 1 times
  @YuliZ: 1 times
  @nordstrom: 1 times
kaxa mentions:
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @Dino101: 1 times
remymaq mentions:
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @xLiLShanx: 1 times
  @SweetP: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @remymaq: 1 times
  @swiftkid: 1 times
straightdick mentions:
  @Dustyd: 1 times
  @bigmommaprods: 1 times
dr_d_owen mentions:
  @mojoatelier: 1 times
  @FFEvangelism: 1 times
  @PixieRoseDesign: 1 times
  @ShuanKing: 1 times
  @thedailybunny: 1 times
  @ifpetscouldtype: 1 times
  @jlewingjr: 1 times
  @frankviola: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
rce77 mentions:
  @jonesdel: 1 times
brycedan mentions:
  @jamiebug: 1 times
rumorator mentions:
  @goosefeather: 1 times
  @oildogboyd: 1 times
  @keylo: 1 times
  @keithlipski: 1 times
  @FredyT: 1 times
  @thebossofyou: 1 times
  @MODA3: 1 times
treasuredvalley mentions:
  @repressd: 1 times
  @CBorah: 1 times
iboy mentions:
  @mbkmbk: 1 times
tundrabooks mentions:
  @galleysmith: 1 times
  @cindyloveofbook: 1 times
sarahjoybrown mentions:
  @teenystweeting: 1 times
  @IcePrncesz: 1 times
  @SarahJoyBrown: 1 times
  @NancyLeeGrahn: 1 times
  @BrandonBarash: 1 times
erikboles mentions:
  @SecurityBuzz: 1 times
  @SMasiello: 1 times
  @BernieAdams: 1 times
mattredman mentions:
  @mknisely: 1 times
  @chrismoncus: 1 times
  @jesusneedsnewpr: 1 times
  @mediapeople: 1 times
  @southwestair: 1 times
  @pastorwill: 1 times
  @ronmayott: 1 times
chiacy mentions:
  @lordhong: 1 times
elementsofjazz mentions:
  @douglaspaul: 1 times
  @elementsofjazz: 1 times
jobserf mentions:
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @sunnylam: 1 times
  @CGCguncontrol: 1 times
  @iamsharpe: 1 times
  @Rizzz: 1 times
  @SolidAltar: 1 times
  @jaysays: 1 times
jhazebeats mentions:
  @J1S2004: 1 times
  @Mann3000: 1 times
  @JHAZEBeats: 1 times
kveggiegrl mentions:
  @lgesin: 1 times
  @kveggiegrl: 1 times
pauljessup mentions:
  @MoiraiRPG: 1 times
  @GearKnight: 1 times
  @rachelkj: 1 times
  @tiffanymiller: 1 times
tashaminx mentions:
  @Georgieboo: 1 times
  @gorgieboo: 1 times
lrchrisner mentions:
  @LorrieCares: 1 times
  @erockett89: 1 times
  @TheRealJerri: 1 times
  @isabellagermek: 1 times
liberalviewer1 mentions:
  @fizzle6: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @theadividual: 1 times
  @rachaelblogs: 1 times
  @MWJ1231: 1 times
  @TiminNH: 1 times
  @LaChatNoir: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @EileenLeft: 1 times
fabulousjourney mentions:
nightshade10 mentions:
  @iMrNiceGuy0023: 1 times
  @arachelita: 1 times
  @Stevefki: 1 times
  @Cisklager: 1 times
thetrocadero mentions:
  @MetricBand: 1 times
  @ValenciaMusic: 1 times
  @TheChurchBand: 1 times
  @BetterThanEzra: 1 times
  @NorthStarBar: 1 times
  @TyroneWells: 1 times
  @DeltaSpirit: 1 times
  @Letmypridebe: 1 times
donnatalarico mentions:
  @nikkimm33: 1 times
  @donnatalarico: 1 times
  @christianwilson: 1 times
  @TheOtherJeff: 1 times
a_breath_away mentions:
  @LIVESTRONG: 1 times
  @wwfclimate: 1 times
  @oxfamamerica: 1 times
  @humanesociety: 1 times
  @socialgood: 1 times
  @mashable@zappos: 1 times
  @abreathaway: 1 times
  @onemassdem: 1 times
923nowfm mentions:
  @jillianmess: 1 times
  @923NowFM: 1 times
mandysm mentions:
  @btab: 1 times
  @stevegonzalez: 1 times
  @passionmd: 1 times
  @jimpap: 1 times
  @sowavy45: 1 times
  @daraknox: 1 times
  @mstoshay: 1 times
  @ShawtyyySoBadd: 1 times
  @jamaalsabree: 1 times
clintincredible mentions:
radioheader mentions:
  @AnMunoz: 1 times
  @Nehemoth: 1 times
  @Jpenard: 1 times
  @yaqui: 1 times
  @aguaqua: 1 times
  @kiki275: 1 times
  @modeselektor: 1 times
  @RQM1: 1 times
  @jahcoozi: 1 times
frugalfritzie mentions:
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @migold: 1 times
  @rthastar: 1 times
  @nonpretentious: 1 times
  @fakeplasticfish: 1 times
  @ecosandy: 1 times
  @FutureWeather: 1 times
patranila mentions:
  @trinisteph: 1 times
  @ralphwebster: 1 times
  @dreamented: 1 times
  @empoweredfemale: 1 times
  @jeffrivera: 1 times
  @misshollie: 1 times
  @sinnamonS: 1 times
  @talk2jnyce: 1 times
  @abiolatv: 1 times
  @sannod: 1 times
sciencegoddess mentions:
  @CAPMiniatures: 1 times
  @sweetiepi: 1 times
  @sciencegoddess: 1 times
sweetdarkdreams mentions:
  @PsychoSurfer: 1 times
  @LilGrasshopper: 1 times
  @TibuLobita: 1 times
  @yavie: 1 times
  @MYeya: 1 times
  @GipsyMoonStar: 1 times
shaunspeaks mentions:
  @elledenise: 1 times
  @DrDCAdams: 1 times
  @sherryfetzer: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @DonnaGillis: 1 times
  @SkeeterHansen: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @DCrunnergrrl: 1 times
  @QuoneshaTeope: 1 times
emmatiebens mentions:
  @PaulTTran: 1 times
  @EmmaTiebens: 1 times
boomerangomics mentions:
  @PauloQuerido: 1 times
therealjerri mentions:
  @KathyinFla: 1 times
  @samrose1: 1 times
  @JandJsmommy74: 1 times
  @EllenM7: 1 times
lindadeluca mentions:
  @CoachNetwork: 1 times
  @thetappingman: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @GrowthCoachCorp: 1 times
  @BeRichCoach: 1 times
  @LindaDeLuca: 1 times
  @CoachKimAvery: 1 times
paulashton1979 mentions:
  @creattica: 1 times
  @mattuk: 1 times
  @gracesmith: 1 times
  @mlane: 1 times
  @imjustcreative: 1 times
  @cgw3: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @chriswallace: 1 times
michelleo36 mentions:
  @sarahjoybrown: 1 times
  @teenystweeting: 1 times
  @IcePrncesz: 1 times
  @SarahJoyBrown: 1 times
  @NancyLeeGrahn: 1 times
  @BrandonBarash: 1 times
whatever_ista mentions:
  @gabbler: 1 times
  @flawnt: 1 times
  @amisanthropist: 1 times
  @streetpete: 1 times
  @PeterMears: 1 times
planetearthb mentions:
  @StephanieFizer: 1 times
  @ThingsMomsLike: 1 times
  @HomesteadMommy: 1 times
  @windyhill: 1 times
  @amomspeaks: 1 times
  @realsarah: 1 times
  @momfuse: 1 times
  @amyiris: 1 times
  @mrsmetaphor: 1 times
  @upscalebaby: 1 times
djthefreshprinc mentions:
  @MAKEUPMANMAE: 2 times
  @JoshyCouture: 1 times
  @chrisrules09: 1 times
  @VG113: 1 times
  @itscoverboy: 1 times
  @DeJae: 1 times
  @DJTHEFRESHPRINC: 1 times
mdouble mentions:
  @ZutRadio: 1 times
  @inspiremetoday: 1 times
alisonstorm mentions:
  @fredontv: 1 times
  @KristenNastasia: 1 times
  @DiTV7: 1 times
  @chriscato: 1 times
  @CarmenCoursey: 1 times
  @tvmelissa: 1 times
sarahjohn64 mentions:
sushsmile mentions:
  @jenisecook: 1 times
  @FreelanceSwThe: 1 times
joaopaulo74 mentions:
  @fenprof: 1 times
  @spnorte: 1 times
  @pserralheiro: 1 times
  @tmorais: 1 times
  @joaojosemarques: 1 times
scott_bryant mentions:
  @SianLindemann: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @KerrieEspuga: 1 times
  @PeterPek: 1 times
  @Starbucker: 1 times
  @cjs3: 1 times
  @DonnaLHull: 1 times
  @DeniseWind: 1 times
  @lynlasneski: 1 times
livejoy mentions:
  @illuminated1111: 1 times
  @ImaNicePerson: 1 times
  @IntentOne: 1 times
  @interfaithforum: 1 times
  @JCanfield: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @JeanieMarshall: 1 times
rachyroopoo mentions:
mindfullychange mentions:
  @KatieBichon: 1 times
  @scenik: 1 times
  @petrah: 1 times
  @TheArcSolano: 1 times
  @1stphoenix: 1 times
  @ranea89: 1 times
thebayle mentions:
  @thebayle: 1 times
champsuperstar mentions:
  @CherieTNola: 1 times
  @sherinola: 1 times
  @lunanola: 1 times
  @lizmoney: 1 times
oyinkokoricha mentions:
  @RichGolisch: 1 times
  @rbellanca: 1 times
  @rachaellerae: 1 times
  @golftippin: 1 times
  @momanissel: 1 times
  @gogolf: 1 times
  @Chrismccombs: 1 times
  @OyinKokoricha: 1 times
laurenyoung mentions:
  @gretchenrubin: 1 times
  @SloanNetwork: 1 times
  @caliyost: 1 times
  @CatalystInc: 1 times
  @FWInews: 1 times
  @WorkforceMgmt: 1 times
  @workingmother: 1 times
neurocat mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
derekallen5713 mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @pawmarks: 1 times
  @davecurlee: 1 times
  @BWCookieCompany: 1 times
  @lau56: 1 times
  @ShutterCal: 1 times
  @SandraMalench: 1 times
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
atgiggleswick mentions:
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @padrejorge: 1 times
mikeymcfly mentions:
  @spigotZ: 1 times
  @MikeyMcFly: 1 times
  @uristocrat: 1 times
  @matthewmixveigh: 1 times
  @Digidreams: 1 times
micahariel mentions:
  @ChicagoCares: 1 times
ocdqblog mentions:
  @stevesarsfield: 1 times
lindag199 mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @ButtercupD: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @rhysisterix: 1 times
r1lita mentions:
  @pinguinmada: 1 times
  @tandriamirado: 1 times
  @thierryratsiz: 1 times
  @Foko: 1 times
  @irakoto: 1 times
  @solofo: 1 times
  @ariniaina: 1 times
  @tomavana: 1 times
whymengrindin mentions:
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @faithtelegraph: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @WhymenGrindin: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @NaiveAbroad: 1 times
  @ambmuzic: 1 times
steve_gonzalez mentions:
  @bobbyrettew: 1 times
  @SteveGonzalez: 1 times
tellzbrooklyn mentions:
  @KingofBrooklyn: 1 times
  @JadoreRytch: 1 times
  @PoeticJustice89: 1 times
  @MajesticT: 1 times
  @keylolo1975: 1 times
mattyzee mentions:
  @bethatasitmay: 1 times
aimeeva mentions:
  @HappyTown09: 1 times
  @amywoo: 1 times
  @innerspaeth: 1 times
  @Smileymlc: 1 times
  @chrismaddox: 1 times
  @gemparenting: 1 times
jason_inc mentions:
  @martybtv: 1 times
  @blondeonbrdwy: 1 times
  @mlove23: 1 times
  @jerrigirl: 1 times
  @robvlock: 1 times
  @jimbeamfans: 1 times
jpgardner mentions:
  @neuroaster: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
  @royorbs3: 1 times
  @jamessamy: 1 times
  @MargHamp: 1 times
  @kevinfunnell: 1 times
awomansworld mentions:
  @lauracampbell: 1 times
destsalem mentions:
  @salemstatearts: 1 times
  @ceanstweet: 1 times
czarneckid mentions:
  @nathasm: 1 times
jazzyjeffrey mentions:
  @circasurvive: 1 times
  @benjorg: 1 times
  @brandnewrock: 1 times
  @craigeryowens: 1 times
  @jonnycraig4L@babygirlparis: 1 times
  @islesglaciers: 1 times
  @LadyRadiator: 1 times
  @mcmbband: 1 times
davidmahr mentions:
  @JamieCheroske: 1 times
  @fozziebare: 1 times
  @SisterRoma: 1 times
  @DJChiChiLaRue: 1 times
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
  @pressparty: 1 times
  @waitwait: 1 times
  @arjunbasu: 1 times
  @servethesong: 1 times
pkeenan1 mentions:
  @GSimms01: 1 times
sweettweet74 mentions:
  @MarleeMatlin: 1 times
  @philpacker: 1 times
  @pconsuela: 1 times
  @ivybear104: 1 times
  @lisarinna: 1 times
  @afterellen: 1 times
  @kidang: 1 times
  @zenmonkey: 1 times
  @655jack: 1 times
mercuriosjewels mentions:
  @DVBL: 1 times
  @chicmom: 1 times
  @fashiongrail: 1 times
alvaronobrega mentions:
  @LeoAFarias: 2 times
  @acarolinecat: 1 times
  @alvaronobrega: 1 times
jeanniefeed mentions:
  @dandelionvintag: 1 times
  @coutureallure: 1 times
  @madfashionista: 1 times
  @Susanmwb: 1 times
  @senoritavintage: 1 times
  @jeanniefeed: 1 times
  @plaidpony: 1 times
kellyoneil mentions:
  @KendallCoach: 1 times
  @michelepw: 1 times
  @kellyoneil: 1 times
  @terrizsoloceo: 1 times
  @bethschneider: 1 times
  @sandymartini: 1 times
  @alexisneely: 1 times
  @ciaradaykin: 1 times
lalalalu mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
movin997 mentions:
  @aliciapec: 1 times
  @skubastevee: 1 times
  @whitemenace: 1 times
  @dennismartinez: 1 times
  @HouseNationFM: 1 times
metalasfuck mentions:
  @wbilliam66: 1 times
  @crushtor: 1 times
  @vikingfist: 1 times
  @randallamp: 1 times
  @metalmark: 1 times
  @goatlady: 1 times
jimcim mentions:
  @windowsot: 1 times
wovenwirejewels mentions:
  @sophiecls: 1 times
  @WovenWireJewels: 1 times
  @jbombardier: 1 times
heathclancy mentions:
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @ecointeractive: 1 times
  @ecoinsite: 1 times
  @thegreeneconomy: 1 times
  @greentechnology: 1 times
  @1thing4green: 1 times
  @greenbubble: 1 times
  @leafygreeninfo: 1 times
sherryaleigh mentions:
  @theromanceceoMy: 1 times
  @drewmyers: 1 times
  @shaunaglenn: 1 times
  @agcg: 1 times
  @LolaKwrites: 1 times
  @laurasquires: 1 times
  @witgirl: 1 times
  @daviddorris: 1 times
amandapatchin mentions:
  @UrbanLindsay: 1 times
  @scottnicholson: 1 times
  @UrbanDecorSue: 1 times
kuttboy1 mentions:
  @laurenalayne: 1 times
  @MsMinaDSTBlaze: 1 times
  @LadyRed1913: 1 times
amyscottgrant mentions:
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
marcharty mentions:
  @BobTheTeacher: 1 times
  @markshilensky: 1 times
eatarkansas mentions:
  @RockefellerFollowFriday: 1 times
  @RiverMarket: 1 times
  @FarmerMktsToday: 1 times
  @eatarkansas: 1 times
robertlgoodman mentions:
  @KathleenHanover: 1 times
  @RayEdwards: 1 times
  @TerranceCharles: 1 times
  @EMPOWERnet: 1 times
  @LeeAnnPrice: 1 times
  @writerdiehl: 1 times
vmills mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
buttonguy mentions:
  @HighStyleClt: 1 times
  @buttonguy: 1 times
netomacedo mentions:
  @donadelli: 2 times
  @avivaf: 1 times
  @marcelomarfil: 1 times
  @boronat: 1 times
  @suuzi: 1 times
  @carlaveiga: 1 times
  @netomacedo: 1 times
sidrodrigues mentions:
  @krelnik: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
pauleapo mentions:
  @kirstyeapo: 1 times
  @kidbritishmusic: 1 times
acarolinecat mentions:
  @AlvaroNobrega: 1 times
  @LeoAFarias: 2 times
  @acarolinecat: 1 times
  @alvaronobrega: 1 times
simbacatog mentions:
  @keaneBeane: 1 times
  @grouchypuppy: 1 times
  @pennythepooper: 1 times
  @truckindogkarma: 1 times
  @lilyellowjacket: 1 times
searchpeopledir mentions:
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 2 times
  @RT: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
  @BillBateman1: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @btsol: 1 times
tallnoe mentions:
  @chuckp8: 1 times
  @dailyswarm: 1 times
  @certainsongs: 1 times
  @ihearditon: 1 times
nursemom90 mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @lattegirlt: 1 times
mebplanner mentions:
  @dovetale: 1 times
  @torontogardens: 1 times
eduardopolis mentions:
  @AlmartirioS: 1 times
  @karyva: 1 times
  @JuanRios: 1 times
theiphoneblog mentions:
  @androidcentral: 1 times
  @theiphoneblog: 1 times
  @treocentral: 1 times
  @precentral: 1 times
  @nokiaexperts: 1 times
  @crackberry: 1 times
tvwxgirl mentions:
  @jillianwvFollowFriday: 1 times
  @indygirl57: 1 times
  @SuzeOrmanShow: 1 times
  @LynnjR: 1 times
  @yat4ever: 1 times
  @cbevins: 1 times
mediasurviving mentions:
  @anncurry: 1 times
  @peterhay: 1 times
  @JimMacMillan: 1 times
  @ustrea: 1 times
goaliegirl mentions:
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @vincedeon: 1 times
  @kinneret: 1 times
xprincessmeeeex mentions:
  @BeverleyKnight: 1 times
  @JasonManford: 1 times
  @JustinMoorhouse: 1 times
stephibobz mentions:
  @MandinaM: 1 times
johnweston mentions:
  @SonjaJovan: 1 times
maverickmelberg mentions:
  @dexterthedog: 1 times
  @TomGodell: 1 times
  @reikifurbabies: 1 times
  @JanetRoper: 1 times
  @JamesBondTheDog: 1 times
  @carolinemelberg: 1 times
  @stevemelberg: 1 times
esthersausages mentions:
  @HelsinkiHitman: 1 times
  @gemgemsxx: 1 times
  @KoldCastTV: 1 times
  @mrtrev: 1 times
  @EmmaLozLoz: 1 times
  @leerosher: 1 times
  @BeckyKingston: 1 times
  @cartwright118: 1 times
  @MarieC09: 1 times
  @paulpuddifoot: 1 times
avgamy mentions:
  @TheTattooed1: 1 times
godzillaofjapan mentions:
  @CaplinROUS: 1 times
warriorsedge mentions:
  @JasonPegg: 1 times
  @MauriceCastle: 1 times
  @WoodwardGardens: 1 times
  @chomaee: 1 times
  @rellz707: 1 times
  @KCbandit: 1 times
mindcomet mentions:
  @digidestruct: 1 times
swichi293 mentions:
  @BelCanto4e: 1 times
ricklafave mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @ricklafave: 1 times
  @lyleses07: 1 times
  @LisaJohnson: 1 times
  @kathykeefe: 1 times
  @BillTalbert: 1 times
zenmommie mentions:
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
  @MindfullyChange: 1 times
  @HawaiinLife: 1 times
triedandtruth mentions:
  @FaceMode: 1 times
  @Yummy411: 1 times
  @seymone: 1 times
  @divinerae: 1 times
  @silverlips: 1 times
  @Kraseybeauty: 1 times
  @facepaint101: 1 times
  @afrobella: 1 times
  @pumpsandgloss: 1 times
imtrulyblessed mentions:
  @caribbeancarmel: 1 times
  @ImtrulyblessedRT: 1 times
  @Frenz4Life: 1 times
  @imtrulyblessed: 1 times
  @poetryilike: 1 times
  @inflight1: 1 times
  @twixaddict: 1 times
  @joyousfox: 1 times
  @bananacak: 1 times
ddefranza mentions:
  @daveburdick: 1 times
  @HuffPostGreen: 1 times
millzz mentions:
  @Liquidslap: 1 times
  @JillzWorth: 1 times
  @MillZz: 1 times
dgerber2777 mentions:
  @pkassner: 1 times
  @A4GL: 1 times
  @healthylakes: 1 times
  @GitteLaasbyPT: 1 times
  @dgerber2777: 1 times
  @FreshCoast: 1 times
taylorsatula mentions:
reannatugiri mentions:
  @superschrauf: 2 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
turnfront mentions:
  @SimpleActs: 1 times
loseweighthelp mentions:
  @solarpilchard: 1 times
  @powerpoole: 1 times
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @SebastianJ: 1 times
  @pb9441: 1 times
markmcwilliams mentions:
  @OmarMartin: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
  @michelfortin: 1 times
  @AndyBeard: 1 times
cattyson mentions:
geoff9cow mentions:
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @marclamonthill: 1 times
  @joanwalsh: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @lehmannchris: 1 times
  @mrscaptaindan: 1 times
  @mrsg9cow: 1 times
  @geoff9cow: 1 times
  @gregcipes: 1 times
ifeelgod mentions:
  @Meettwiceborn: 1 times
dmjoe mentions:
  @hollyegg: 1 times
disneydean mentions:
  @LadyJE: 1 times
  @tacey: 1 times
its_big_pak mentions:
  @CrownMeQueenB: 1 times
dr_whom mentions:
  @originalian: 1 times
localonlinenews mentions:
  @tvmattscott: 1 times
richardcharon mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
meredithmbell mentions:
  @charbrown: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
prgrmer1 mentions:
  @stefaniegreay: 1 times
  @prgrmer1: 1 times
  @tomwhitby: 1 times
36point mentions:
  @vossome: 1 times
  @coroflot: 1 times
  @NeenahPaper: 1 times
  @HOWmag: 1 times
  @mohawkpaper: 1 times
  @veerupdate: 1 times
  @printmag: 1 times
secondcitystyle mentions:
  @brigetterfollowfriday: 1 times
  @stylehop: 1 times
  @coutorture: 1 times
  @purseblog: 1 times
  @cutblog: 1 times
  @coquette: 1 times
  @feteafete: 1 times
  @chickdowntown: 1 times
  @closetcravings: 1 times
  @rollasole: 1 times
deathvult mentions:
  @ataliba: 1 times
  @nerdbones: 1 times
  @deathvult: 1 times
  @cardoso: 1 times
  @mussumalive: 1 times
  @tonesofdeath: 1 times
kaileenelise mentions:
  @leahart: 1 times
  @PinkHeels: 1 times
  @BrunetteOnABudg: 1 times
  @bellissimatina: 1 times
  @michelekravetz: 1 times
  @aspiringcouture: 1 times
  @UrbanDecorSue: 1 times
verltodd mentions:
  @juleespez: 1 times
  @pezcast: 1 times
barbmanning mentions:
  @WillCreates: 1 times
nlentine mentions:
  @navynews: 1 times
techie2k9 mentions:
  @BrianAdkins1: 1 times
  @RuPowell: 1 times
  @VirtualRaven: 1 times
  @peterdrew: 1 times
  @aliving: 1 times
grooveparlortv mentions:
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @PeterPek: 1 times
  @AstonLin: 1 times
  @chuinhao10: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @JustJessieG: 1 times
  @libertygirl3: 1 times
hanlie mentions:
  @NoMeatAthlete: 1 times
shamhardy mentions:
  @PARKPLACEMORTG: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @tekong: 1 times
  @EvesHealing: 1 times
  @IsYouGeekedUp: 1 times
  @PeterPek: 1 times
stuartdye mentions:
  @kevincottrell: 1 times
skankazoid mentions:
  @Kamper: 1 times
  @rinalds: 1 times
  @StoniSexi: 1 times
  @donchavez: 1 times
  @laceyjones: 1 times
  @justash23: 1 times
  @lohkc: 1 times
  @Aiirekah: 1 times
  @DAARINA82: 1 times
janetroper mentions:
  @jeffobrien: 1 times
invision_brand mentions:
  @MrNetty: 1 times
  @asumer: 1 times
  @InVisionbrand: 1 times
  @euskir: 1 times
  @autwisdom: 1 times
  @PaulaTeeter: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @jaymedley: 1 times
  @RealtorRon: 1 times
  @ocean004: 1 times
  @wildwasser: 1 times
paulafanx13 mentions:
  @sweet19: 1 times
  @xoxojanine: 1 times
  @xJennnyy: 1 times
  @iLuPJA: 1 times
  @iMonic: 1 times
  @justafangirlxd: 1 times
  @Dancegurl91: 1 times
  @PaulaFanx13: 1 times
  @liveasyoulove: 1 times
  @DancerJess7: 1 times
bookbitch mentions:
feetonfire mentions:
  @DiabeticLiving: 1 times
  @KellyRawlings: 1 times
  @AmDiabetesAssn: 1 times
  @midiabetes: 1 times
hetty4christ mentions:
  @revtrev: 2 times
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
andychrism mentions:
  @jstnhpkns: 1 times
jimsmeltzart mentions:
  @BeaniesAndBows: 1 times
  @designerpens: 1 times
  @LuckyGirlTraden: 1 times
  @fishfire: 1 times
  @Robbie42601: 1 times
  @meedee64: 1 times
  @waterbunny: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
barkradio mentions:
  @DidYaQ: 1 times
franktrigg mentions:
  @angrymarks: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
  @awesomekong: 1 times
  @bryanalvarez: 1 times
  @roheblius: 1 times
  @mmaencyclopedia: 1 times
  @Nickolye: 1 times
  @MackemMan: 1 times
  @MMAWeeklycom: 1 times
  @Mis: 1 times
firebirdhouse mentions:
  @haasdesign: 1 times
  @djphotography: 1 times
  @blackbird72: 1 times
websterlou mentions:
  @WebsterUBiz: 1 times
  @websteru: 1 times
  @anitasantiago: 1 times
  @websterthailand: 1 times
  @WebsterLou: 1 times
michelleflores mentions:
  @ergeekgoddess: 1 times
  @michelleflores: 1 times
watsonk2 mentions:
  @franciscojsaez: 1 times
  @ColleenMaryC: 1 times
  @ajputerbaugh: 1 times
  @watsonk2: 1 times
  @kieronhughes: 1 times
  @Kerrysherin: 1 times
arm_and mentions:
chenetlarose mentions:
  @MarkADyson: 1 times
  @softjunebreeze: 1 times
  @chenetlarose: 1 times
  @KevinDavis1914: 1 times
  @ChandraLee: 1 times
  @NYCgirlygirl72: 1 times
  @RWSJR: 1 times
starweaver mentions:
  @knbr: 1 times
  @pcon34: 1 times
  @dandibley: 1 times
  @restrictor: 1 times
  @sfgiants: 1 times
  @sacramentokings: 1 times
  @extrabaggs: 1 times
  @SIPeterKing: 1 times
  @mattmaiocco: 1 times
lizwertz mentions:
  @heartofwisdomltconservative: 1 times
rtpoker mentions:
  @cprpoker: 1 times
  @theengineer2008: 1 times
  @ppapoker: 1 times
  @deucescracked: 1 times
  @grinderschool: 1 times
annettedubow mentions:
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @kelseypromo: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @PaulRamsayBCH: 1 times
  @PatMarcello: 1 times
  @ShariFitness: 1 times
  @AnnetteDubow: 1 times
  @jmarks: 1 times
kwsanders mentions:
  @mymac: 1 times
  @koduckgirl: 1 times
  @jharper81: 1 times
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
elephantjournal mentions:
  @bfeld: 1 times
  @Micah: 1 times
bemagazine mentions:
  @bobwcaincom: 1 times
  @BurbiaCentral@nhc1987@BEMagazine@naughtybertie: 1 times
_sweetp mentions:
  @xLiLShanx: 1 times
  @SweetP: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @remymaq: 1 times
  @swiftkid: 1 times
baychildcare mentions:
  @KabukiPugSays: 1 times
  @kiddothepug: 1 times
  @lib22: 1 times
  @LenaPug: 1 times
  @LittleBoPug: 1 times
  @luluthepug: 1 times
chinurse mentions:
  @saymyname: 1 times
sillycows mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @MichaelMagical: 1 times
  @sillycows: 1 times
  @Ranae: 1 times
  @iTwiddle: 1 times
  @MikeGMY: 1 times
  @TaBIZZel: 1 times
  @LauraJames3: 1 times
  @yashved2890: 1 times
  @Cammmalot: 1 times
sheenabeaston mentions:
  @thecultureofme: 1 times
  @sheenabeaston: 1 times
  @anthonyc: 1 times
  @mattmusicslut: 1 times
  @bwank: 1 times
965kissfm mentions:
  @elvisduran: 1 times
  @kaspershow: 1 times
  @javajoel: 1 times
  @ryanseacrest: 1 times
  @bigmikeradio: 1 times
  @mickigamez: 1 times
  @bomatthews: 1 times
troy_phillips mentions:
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
stretchydollar mentions:
  @TheDigeratiLife: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
  @CleverDude: 1 times
  @BudgetsAreSexy: 1 times
telluridelisa mentions:
  @SteveGarufi: 1 times
  @Raspy37: 1 times
  @healthewoman: 1 times
  @paulswansen: 1 times
  @sajego: 1 times
  @autumnrizing: 1 times
  @ihouseman: 1 times
onewisconsinnow mentions:
  @mbrusky: 1 times
  @wispoliticsfeed: 1 times
shararee mentions:
  @crusaderz4life: 1 times
  @davewiner: 1 times
  @stevegarfield: 1 times
  @mieetwilight: 1 times
  @sophiaw: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
jazcan mentions:
  @RobRichmond: 1 times
  @JuanMann: 1 times
thesocialistpig mentions:
  @mabs0: 1 times
  @OpenBookJen: 1 times
  @EatEmAndSmile: 1 times
  @warriorblue: 1 times
  @tidewaters: 1 times
  @AntiM: 1 times
  @Irishrose54: 1 times
jamisonnesta mentions:
  @PastorJamieDG: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
tweetmaker mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
juicyfruit4u mentions:
  @HypeBigelow: 1 times
  @jlyndredcarpet: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
sosolutions mentions:
  @kimclinkmrsc: 1 times
  @adwordspi: 1 times
fatz_galore mentions:
doughmesstic mentions:
  @CiaoLaura: 1 times
  @vindee: 1 times
  @bellalimento: 1 times
  @engineerbaker: 1 times
  @andreacooks: 1 times
  @OhSoSweetTreats: 1 times
  @cherryspoon: 1 times
  @SpinachTiger: 1 times
thesavvyva mentions:
  @BeckyCortino: 1 times
  @thesavvyva: 1 times
  @SammyCortino: 1 times
  @HealingHumor: 1 times
  @hiloaloha: 1 times
  @Tojosan: 1 times
  @JimTurner: 1 times
myplatemate mentions:
  @contactafamily: 1 times
  @whizzkidz: 1 times
  @TogetherUK: 1 times
  @macmillancancer: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
  @GingerbreadUK: 1 times
kevinwilson16 mentions:
  @crysticouture: 1 times
  @scottdot: 1 times
itsamess mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @LAFILMFEST: 1 times
jofarbotnik mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
frank717 mentions:
  @nomorechange: 1 times
  @TeaTephi: 1 times
  @cutiepie555555: 1 times
  @overtaxed23: 1 times
  @bobbi85710: 1 times
  @Doris22: 1 times
  @SamEwinks: 1 times
jacobnordby mentions:
  @RedlineRecToys: 1 times
tennis_review mentions:
  @SherriEShepherd: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @iSportin: 1 times
  @LanaGTP: 1 times
  @USTATennis: 1 times
  @JimMacMillan: 1 times
  @ABC7News: 1 times
  @SteveCase: 1 times
  @HenriquMonteiro: 1 times
warmth mentions:
  @nwinch: 1 times
sent1 mentions:
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
  @30dp: 1 times
  @bt4jc: 1 times
  @visionsxpressed: 1 times
  @Oxysheagirl: 1 times
  @BGEA: 1 times
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @PhilStratton: 1 times
  @daveingland: 1 times
girlvanized mentions:
  @yhf: 1 times
spiritedwoman mentions:
  @PopArtDiva: 1 times
  @LesleyMorgan: 1 times
  @ShannonDowney: 1 times
  @RAWchicago: 1 times
queen_of_tarts mentions:
  @tamiflaura: 1 times
  @kmdevito: 1 times
lifecoachbeth mentions:
  @charbrown: 1 times
iam_murray mentions:
  @leermgt: 1 times
  @UKnoSkjp: 1 times
  @skyylyfe: 1 times
  @AgentLondon: 1 times
  @devinair: 1 times
claudiamm37 mentions:
  @deuhlig: 1 times
sjcooks mentions:
  @Jhillstephens: 1 times
  @SteveBrunton: 1 times
  @MuzikMan: 1 times
  @CarolRiddickRDU: 1 times
  @DonnKat: 1 times
  @BeachMomof2: 1 times
  @Faz4980: 1 times
veggiechefmayra mentions:
  @utterhip: 1 times
  @valenzetti: 1 times
  @ydubel: 1 times
  @VeggieChefMayra: 1 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
madhatter1978 mentions:
davidgibbons mentions:
  @dakno: 1 times
  @rewebcoach: 1 times
sublumen mentions:
  @sublumen: 1 times
kimduess mentions:
  @RawEpicurean: 1 times
  @Rdcoachchristie: 1 times
  @livinthefitlife: 1 times
  @NurseForHealth: 1 times
crazymoneylady mentions:
  @TapJim: 1 times
steigerlaw mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @gregnietsky: 1 times
  @joanikin: 1 times
  @holly59: 1 times
  @inksnatcher: 1 times
  @kimmierae61: 1 times
  @jodiaceva: 1 times
  @guitardragon: 1 times
  @jamespew: 1 times
  @charityideas: 1 times
majorwifey mentions:
  @wloveaffection: 1 times
  @majorwifey: 1 times
  @lizzibooetsy: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @SeviDesigns: 1 times
  @sunnynole: 1 times
  @stormes: 1 times
livenlovelife mentions:
  @msjnicole: 2 times
  @kikzaholic: 1 times
  @embraceurlife: 1 times
  @realwizkhalifa: 1 times
  @livenlovelife: 1 times
gregadams mentions:
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @BachmannforMN6: 1 times
ericoconnor mentions:
  @andydrish: 1 times
erinscandalous mentions:
  @meaganshea: 1 times
  @haiticherie: 1 times
  @erinscandalous: 1 times
  @rashidasimmons: 1 times
  @exittheapple: 1 times
  @airicjerrod: 1 times
simplowdfan mentions:
  @Lilbets: 1 times
  @rainbowbtrfly: 1 times
  @simplowdfan: 1 times
  @solivia99: 1 times
  @jessiebrewer: 1 times
  @bafb: 1 times
  @spinlj: 1 times
  @lucyntn: 1 times
  @prettyplainjo: 1 times
  @spinsvixenella: 1 times
  @m: 1 times
geointlinc mentions:
  @tjharding: 1 times
  @yatra9: 1 times
  @TrevorAnthony: 1 times
  @EmilyBrickelCEO: 1 times
  @dpritikin: 1 times
  @BreakingTweets: 1 times
horsessouth mentions:
  @SouthernDressag: 1 times
bobgoyetche mentions:
  @AmberCadabra: 1 times
chendaniel mentions:
  @bobgarrett: 2 times
  @ChenDaniel: 1 times
  @sethec: 1 times
  @WalliesWorld: 1 times
  @dna2diamonds: 1 times
dumblydore mentions:
  @nomorebrains: 1 times
  @dumblydore: 1 times
  @CatherineT: 1 times
  @fourhl: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @iwpdesign: 1 times
  @BBCRADIO1: 1 times
nicoleadams mentions:
  @furrier: 1 times
  @kellyhanson: 1 times
  @dinahmaria: 1 times
  @searchmeceo: 1 times
  @jobtrain: 1 times
  @trigeia: 1 times
  @tommoyer: 1 times
  @smellycents: 1 times
  @dawnmiller: 1 times
  @jeffpodraza: 1 times
rageperez mentions:
  @lorogomo: 1 times
  @xarcex: 1 times
vasilly mentions:
  @BiblioBrat: 1 times
  @Annemazer: 1 times
  @jennsbookshelf: 1 times
catephoenix mentions:
  @ZoeEW: 1 times
  @DamonLord: 1 times
  @HoraceJames: 1 times
  @louisebohmer: 1 times
  @leatherzebra: 1 times
numbergarage mentions:
  @davidbates: 1 times
  @NumberGarage: 1 times
  @PirateEric: 1 times
  @rexm: 1 times
  @AmyStephen: 1 times
  @RusselsView: 1 times
  @Franksterville: 1 times
  @BrandonSexton: 1 times
  @mdlysse: 1 times
  @bspotter: 1 times
lacerocks mentions:
  @ateegarden: 1 times
corgisrule mentions:
  @ersle: 1 times
  @keeponwagging: 1 times
  @corkystory: 1 times
  @KathySanto: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @isabellacane: 1 times
  @MDWhiteDove: 1 times
  @samtsang: 1 times
  @musicloverchick: 1 times
  @koiponds: 1 times
mychemicalmuse mentions:
  @Ambershine29: 1 times
sewatch mentions:
  @Mel66: 1 times
  @mikeboland: 1 times
  @RonJones: 1 times
  @sagerock: 1 times
  @storyspinner: 1 times
  @Szetela: 1 times
  @timash: 1 times
muumuse mentions:
  @mattmusicslut: 1 times
  @sheenabeaston: 1 times
  @anthoNYC: 1 times
  @starsmiff: 1 times
  @TheDiamondsClub: 1 times
  @LindsBubs: 1 times
  @ohnotheydidnt: 1 times
  @nowirecoathangr: 1 times
  @tomhouser: 1 times
cbtacy mentions:
  @meat99: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @atomiota: 1 times
  @monkchips: 1 times
andylevy mentions:
  @MajoratWH: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @kausmickey: 1 times
  @tommyxtopher: 1 times
  @calebhowe: 1 times
  @justkarl: 1 times
  @IMAO: 1 times
  @GayPatriot: 1 times
  @dmataconis: 1 times
  @patterico: 1 times
  @allahpundit: 1 times
mystockphoto mentions:
  @niltomil: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
nishi_dias mentions:
  @WiseBride: 1 times
  @etlofteevents: 1 times
  @floralfetish: 1 times
  @CherishEvents: 1 times
  @PennyPeople: 1 times
jmancini77 mentions:
  @pwwinton: 1 times
  @jcdichant: 1 times
lexinexi mentions:
  @lexinexi: 1 times
  @davetilove: 1 times
romanceinga mentions:
  @thedolan: 1 times
  @philmutrie: 1 times
  @cmutrie: 1 times
  @speaker99: 1 times
  @hotPRess@coachcarolann: 1 times
  @juliespira: 1 times
karrock mentions:
  @katlilytwit: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
  @ijustine: 1 times
  @nathanfillion: 1 times
aviationgeek84 mentions:
  @askacfi: 1 times
  @SirHogarth: 1 times
moneyhighway mentions:
  @FiscalFizzle: 1 times
  @MoneyMatters: 1 times
  @fcn: 1 times
  @jdroth: 1 times
  @SuburbanDollar: 1 times
  @alanschram: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
katrchrdsn mentions:
  @JackieKessler: 1 times
  @lilithsaintcrow: 1 times
  @jennablack: 1 times
  @DevonMonk: 1 times
  @RindaElliott: 1 times
  @kazdreamer: 1 times
  @rachelkvincent: 1 times
  @toniandrews: 1 times
  @kezarthur: 1 times
assiram999 mentions:
  @ghconfidential: 1 times
  @prettyplainjo: 1 times
  @turrigenous: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
bobriddelllive mentions:
  @2kiss: 1 times
  @1Tweet: 1 times
  @1ok: 1 times
  @YouAreTheLink: 1 times
  @AddaFriend: 1 times
  @AngelsKnocking: 1 times
  @1site: 1 times
ncfcog mentions:
  @stucassels: 1 times
  @stub: 1 times
  @growlersworld: 1 times
  @ncfcog: 1 times
elsie_the_cat mentions:
  @cashflowangelWant: 1 times
  @judithmorgan: 1 times
ptrsonszoo mentions:
  @Km4KT: 1 times
spideas mentions:
  @ljjspeaks: 1 times
sumgurl07 mentions:
  @3DWorldOfKaneva: 1 times
  @Kaneva: 1 times
demonfactory mentions:
  @ilovesk8ers: 1 times
  @benBurbs: 1 times
  @SkateCayman: 1 times
  @Nikki71: 1 times
  @fergy21: 1 times
  @thetruth00: 1 times
  @epiclyTRIFE: 1 times
  @threyda: 1 times
  @golearnskate: 1 times
  @scbrand: 1 times
mariaporter mentions:
  @FreezeDriedNews: 1 times
  @Juvenati: 1 times
  @welshman007: 1 times
  @ChuckN2NGN: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @hashobama: 1 times
  @tegwek: 1 times
  @davidplexco: 1 times
  @jhilborn: 1 times
  @KKDur: 1 times
angelaywilliams mentions:
  @MaraBG: 1 times
dfresh411 mentions:
  @goodlifediva: 1 times
sparky89 mentions:
  @UMKCWomenc: 1 times
  @UMKCMindBody: 1 times
  @andersoncooper: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
  @KCWeather: 1 times
  @muddyskc: 1 times
  @USEUCOM: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @iava: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
bentremblay mentions:
  @bornagambler: 1 times
damiangrounds mentions:
  @MartinGBEdwards: 1 times
writereader mentions:
  @Chrisbookarama: 1 times
  @bermudaonion: 1 times
ryans_lastword mentions:
  @80MS: 1 times
mike_mx mentions:
  @ScottGiorgini: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @MikeMx: 1 times
headchangesrus mentions:
  @Sybillinart: 1 times
  @StamperDawn: 1 times
  @Bncngoffthwlls: 1 times
  @EtsyStalker: 1 times
  @HandmadeCrafts: 1 times
  @sparkle4soul: 1 times
  @mintconspiracy: 1 times
coloronline mentions:
  @BronzeWord: 1 times
  @mitaliperkins: 1 times
chicbuds mentions:
  @LisaRCox: 1 times
  @flicka47: 1 times
  @ReddSmitty: 1 times
  @CatnBoots: 1 times
  @donnajfox: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @chicBuds: 1 times
mraeknitter mentions:
naturallynattie mentions:
  @JillianAnn: 1 times
  @BillySheahan: 1 times
whimsyandspice mentions:
  @fogandthistle: 1 times
  @vertigodesign: 1 times
  @rifferaff: 1 times
  @unasu: 1 times
  @mmcgovern: 1 times
  @joannagoddard: 1 times
  @myturtleneck: 1 times
gnleal mentions:
  @flaviofachel: 1 times
  @flaviochongas: 1 times
  @biancasilva: 1 times
  @taizat: 1 times
  @dannymorena: 1 times
  @lini: 1 times
  @Fregola: 1 times
  @paolasoneghetti: 1 times
  @patduarte: 1 times
  @kempcartunista: 1 times
notapretender mentions:
  @sapnab: 1 times
dishnetwork mentions:
  @therealaustin: 1 times
  @Dishnetwork: 1 times
ninaism mentions:
colbertobsessed mentions:
  @kurtludlow10TV: 1 times
  @kf: 1 times
  @jamieaiken919: 1 times
  @LeanneDeschanel: 1 times
  @wowitsjohn: 1 times
  @DavidalBarron: 1 times
spb13 mentions:
  @christawatson: 1 times
micaelsilva mentions:
  @cerealkilller: 1 times
  @igorzets: 1 times
parkvillemom mentions:
  @SuperMunk: 1 times
masterboozer mentions:
  @drjackiestcyr: 1 times
jacoutofthebox mentions:
  @MarieLancup: 1 times
patti0713 mentions:
  @cosmica: 1 times
  @NathalieCaron: 1 times
  @angusbrown: 1 times
fdthegreat mentions:
  @filterdistuk: 1 times
  @soundofgunsuk: 1 times
mattjuniper mentions:
  @ashleybigda: 1 times
  @stratosphear: 1 times
  @BCerInToronto: 1 times
  @larrylarry: 1 times
  @impolitical: 1 times
  @scottjuniper: 1 times
  @capistrano99: 1 times
  @mikestarrunner: 1 times
  @calummarsh: 1 times
beckycortino mentions:
  @DebraMarrs: 1 times
  @TerryAllison: 1 times
  @BeckyCortino: 1 times
  @TinaCook: 1 times
  @conniegreen: 1 times
  @CathyGoodwin: 1 times
annecaborn mentions:
  @stevebridgerfollowfriday: 1 times
  @justgiving: 1 times
crowdrent mentions:
  @snowkitten: 1 times
benjaminellis mentions:
  @jangles: 1 times
  @fusionview: 1 times
  @Xculture: 1 times
  @dmarkschumann: 1 times
  @tosolini: 1 times
  @BenjaminEllis: 1 times
  @Jas: 1 times
wgntv mentions:
  @BleacherNation: 1 times
  @CUBSpeeps: 1 times
  @cubbiefans: 1 times
  @Cubscore: 1 times
  @WGNTV: 1 times
bohemeopera_nj mentions:
  @KTK: 1 times
  @LondonSearch: 1 times
  @BohemeOperaNJ: 1 times
  @RevvsF1: 1 times
  @SonjaJovan: 1 times
nessameiado mentions:
  @eduardobuarque: 1 times
  @poalli: 1 times
wanderlust13 mentions:
  @donnadeau: 1 times
  @reidontravel: 1 times
goldmanmill mentions:
  @twitterforpeace: 1 times
  @jimcarlberg: 1 times
  @paulrowland: 1 times
  @bretthunter: 1 times
  @syuaip: 1 times
  @m47713: 1 times
  @jaeoh: 1 times
  @PeaceDaySept21: 1 times
briana9 mentions:
  @Ltwup: 1 times
seantron mentions:
  @kevinSuttle: 1 times
glwallace mentions:
  @imaggard: 1 times
rlenzi mentions:
  @priyacmu: 1 times
  @lenz1105: 1 times
  @nlenzi: 1 times
  @pensblogtweet: 1 times
  @jagrmeister: 1 times
  @stevebraband: 1 times
  @IceburghNHL: 1 times
  @marcandrefleury: 1 times
mytransponder mentions:
  @geekydewd: 1 times
charitywater mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @simonwillows: 1 times
  @davebullivant: 1 times
frenz4life mentions:
  @dangel127: 1 times
  @bookloveher: 1 times
  @drdinasadik: 1 times
  @shanajackson: 1 times
  @poetryilike: 1 times
  @spreadingjoy: 1 times
  @dbroos: 1 times
maximumswearing mentions:
  @majormustard: 1 times
g011yw0mp mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
stevensparkman mentions:
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @BlowhornHulk: 1 times
  @charlesgustav: 1 times
  @Gloson: 1 times
aw0lf mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @mindykaling: 1 times
  @NathonFillion: 1 times
  @1capplegate: 1 times
  @yat4ever: 1 times
  @madlyv: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @jgarlin: 1 times
pamzee mentions:
  @rosew: 1 times
  @picknicksbrain: 1 times
robcairns mentions:
  @CallieSink: 1 times
  @CallieSIng: 1 times
cokiethecat mentions:
  @MedusaJ: 1 times
alienbabeltech mentions:
  @theovalich: 1 times
  @ianMcnaughton: 1 times
  @mnpctech: 1 times
  @CliffForster: 1 times
  @custompcmax: 1 times
  @PatrickMoorhead: 1 times
  @wpeltola: 1 times
  @craigbru: 1 times
  @Thracks: 1 times
  @nigeldessau: 1 times
everamazed mentions:
  @kiva: 1 times
kinggucci803 mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 2 times
  @kinggucci803: 2 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @SpcSquadRT: 1 times
  @cent: 1 times
onceamonthmom mentions:
  @mommy2sweetpeas: 1 times
  @skrapbuker: 1 times
  @amyinohio: 1 times
thetinyjewelbox mentions:
  @kevincarty: 1 times
connectsocmedia mentions:
brysonray mentions:
  @atypikalent: 1 times
  @jquesmith: 1 times
  @billjabr: 1 times
  @L3ShaylaRapt0r: 1 times
  @AttorneyEGK: 1 times
  @7Ace7: 1 times
djdavem mentions:
jessar mentions:
  @awaretalkradio: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @ThetaHealerMaya: 1 times
  @anitafiander: 1 times
  @suzyonfire: 1 times
  @ediegalley: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @dougieslap: 1 times
krishamilton mentions:
  @BFLouisville: 1 times
unworthysaint mentions:
  @proverbsfeed: 1 times
cathythorne mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
darachadwick mentions:
  @RosalindWiseman: 1 times
  @darachadwick: 1 times
  @freerangemom: 1 times
  @lisamaatz: 1 times
  @aauw: 1 times
  @racheljsimmons: 1 times
  @janebalvanz: 1 times
  @herbadmother: 1 times
lukesaysmoo mentions:
  @shriners: 1 times
  @shrinershosp: 1 times
  @jtshrinersopen: 1 times
  @shrinegame: 1 times
careerbuilder mentions:
  @alisondoyle: 1 times
  @FurstStaffing: 1 times
  @tmsantos: 1 times
  @CRAND05: 1 times
  @manpowertalks: 1 times
  @jmpyle: 1 times
  @Cordobos32: 1 times
flyingzoo mentions:
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
  @LoveDesigns: 1 times
  @WhimsicalMom: 1 times
  @glorialynnglass: 1 times
  @wiggs88: 1 times
  @Farmsteadlady: 1 times
  @EP4sanity: 1 times
anuesystems mentions:
  @NoSocialism4Me: 1 times
  @BrianRupert: 1 times
  @BunionBuster: 1 times
  @BridgeATX: 1 times
  @SeanYar: 1 times
ericmblog mentions:
  @amrosario: 1 times
javawaitress mentions:
  @PaleJewel: 1 times
  @EDouglasWW: 1 times
  @ManMadeMoon: 1 times
  @unklerupert: 1 times
flybaby_diana mentions:
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @KristalAshely: 1 times
  @panamajack54: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @revbeej: 1 times
  @trent4tnr: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @sumptersam: 1 times
phillipmartin mentions:
  @sportsguy33: 1 times
  @CollegeHumor: 1 times
  @benkweller: 1 times
  @dangillmor: 1 times
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @aclmusicfest: 1 times
muggabug mentions:
  @Adorabumz: 1 times
  @DagnysPromise: 1 times
  @newandgreenbaby: 1 times
  @sloomb: 1 times
  @simplemom: 1 times
  @monkeybunns: 1 times
  @vibabyfair: 1 times
  @zealandsmom: 1 times
thedeanorama mentions:
  @bigassbadger: 1 times
  @shandeen: 1 times
  @ChazzyCat: 1 times
  @CorruptedAngel: 1 times
  @dawnheinle: 1 times
jacksoncj1 mentions:
  @BaylorUMediaCom: 1 times
  @BriefNews: 1 times
  @newsero: 1 times
  @dallasnews: 1 times
  @HOUBizjournal: 1 times
  @BaylorStudents: 1 times
  @KWBU: 1 times
  @kwtx: 1 times
jackin1 mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 2 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @centerpet: 2 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @hireawebgeek: 1 times
kimdraughan mentions:
  @iamjiuce: 1 times
  @willynorthpole: 1 times
  @cthug: 1 times
  @heat: 1 times
  @kyngbo: 1 times
  @skitz: 1 times
voicemilknhoney mentions:
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @VoiceMilkNHoney: 1 times
  @heathcrush: 1 times
  @arbonneteam: 1 times
pgielectric mentions:
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @LostNMissing: 1 times
  @FINDTHELOST: 1 times
djmikediesel mentions:
  @KeisheraOnline: 1 times
  @leonbrown: 1 times
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
  @chrisfontes: 1 times
  @Simmoyia: 1 times
  @dahara: 1 times
kimnelsonwrites mentions:
  @theladywrites: 1 times
need4sheed_com mentions:
  @TheMileHighFan: 1 times
  @Need4Sheedcom: 1 times
lizisaacslwc mentions:
  @iqeqruthi: 2 times
  @berutt: 1 times
  @Littlebitofmoni: 1 times
  @lizisaacslwc: 1 times
  @bengoodman: 1 times
  @s: 1 times
bandyt88 mentions:
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @JamaicanChula: 1 times
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @MichelleStewart: 1 times
  @bizwhig: 1 times
  @EnergizeSpirit: 1 times
maggiedammit mentions:
  @Neilochka: 1 times
  @Kat1124: 1 times
vpaige mentions:
  @briandevine: 1 times
  @CreighDeeds: 1 times
twinkle47 mentions:
  @christay0102: 1 times
brohymn mentions:
  @thomaslennon: 1 times
  @cmurphycomedy: 1 times
  @brunovassup: 1 times
tropicsz4 mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @hotsports: 1 times
  @lethalprincess: 1 times
  @beebow: 1 times
  @robygirl53: 1 times
  @funkysteph: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
jasonhamlin mentions:
  @lancehardy: 1 times
  @beezelbarb: 1 times
  @bendsharepoint: 1 times
  @BurnedOutGeek: 1 times
  @shanselman: 1 times
  @sarahbellum: 1 times
  @cowpu: 1 times
  @JenFloyd08: 1 times
  @Palehorse: 1 times
  @elijahmanor: 1 times
sevillaisabel mentions:
  @rachelnasvik: 1 times
clickflickca mentions:
  @morningmoe: 1 times
myoprecision mentions:
  @addsomespice: 1 times
  @OttawaBlackbird: 1 times
  @LisaLarter: 1 times
  @paolasEpicure: 1 times
  @JoanJesion: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @bookerlaura: 1 times
joyfulsongcarol mentions:
  @ZachyB1: 1 times
direitodopovo mentions:
  @mkakau: 1 times
  @trocistas: 1 times
  @lilicacampana: 1 times
  @larissabontempi: 1 times
  @misstulipa: 1 times
  @yakimexe: 1 times
  @doisbits: 1 times
  @pedroporfirio: 1 times
  @veramartins: 1 times
  @anamoraes: 1 times
kristianc mentions:
  @tokyoneon: 1 times
  @sammatthews: 1 times
  @matteh17: 1 times
  @anthonyjames: 1 times
  @shanerichmond: 1 times
  @durf: 1 times
  @katebutler: 1 times
  @plc: 1 times
  @urbanfly: 1 times
  @paulhoule: 1 times
rabidrat mentions:
  @milliontwits: 1 times
tlamarca mentions:
  @churchbartender: 1 times
  @kentchevalier: 1 times
  @leadingmultisit: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
  @Sojourners: 1 times
  @SilverRingThing: 1 times
lauradugan mentions:
  @HartHanson: 1 times
  @HarlanCoben: 1 times
  @FernaZahsum: 1 times
  @Vadergirl52: 1 times
  @kchenoweth: 1 times
  @theamybrenneman: 1 times
phillipsenn mentions:
  @duncancumming: 1 times
  @jonahb: 1 times
  @irinah: 1 times
  @JasonPDean: 1 times
  @elinruby: 1 times
  @jchanticleer: 1 times
  @clarkvalberg: 1 times
  @cfsarahk: 1 times
delicatesa mentions:
  @bawaaldotcom: 1 times
  @vaishali007: 1 times
krikitmedia mentions:
  @BradHP: 1 times
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
  @batmanobviously: 1 times
  @Sequenchlr: 1 times
  @sexyarmpit: 1 times
stevekayser mentions:
  @launchforce: 1 times
  @rtadvocate: 1 times
  @bshendr: 1 times
  @leapfishmedia: 1 times
believekids mentions:
  @More4kidsToday: 1 times
  @soschildren: 1 times
  @PediatricSafety: 1 times
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @SueScheff: 1 times
  @DaraChadwick: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
metalmo mentions:
  @choley: 1 times
  @forrestfyr: 1 times
  @gennyfer: 1 times
tylergarner mentions:
  @SomethingSoSam: 1 times
eneitzel mentions:
  @trscampbell: 1 times
  @blackhelmet: 1 times
  @NIOSH: 1 times
  @ENeitzel: 1 times
  @lesliemack: 2 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
fantasydreamer mentions:
  @katrchrdsn: 1 times
tre0808 mentions:
  @yero69: 1 times
  @LGBTCenterNYC: 1 times
  @Cpitbull: 1 times
  @PeopleUnlimited: 1 times
  @therrevolution: 1 times
  @rainbownews: 1 times
  @GayListingsInfo: 1 times
cynikal3000 mentions:
  @gnizz: 2 times
  @BigBBrown: 1 times
  @LyricalLala7: 1 times
  @MichaelJStone: 1 times
  @MalexMB: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @speaker99: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @CoachCarolann: 1 times
  @Bo: 1 times
gjcapps mentions:
  @jariaskins: 1 times
  @dorman340: 1 times
bkkihega mentions:
  @schnoll007: 1 times
  @bkkihega: 1 times
  @BALOrioles: 1 times
  @HomeGrownMommy: 1 times
  @pinchycrab: 1 times
  @CheapskatePHL: 1 times
  @ProducerMPV: 1 times
forextipsdotcom mentions:
  @MarketTraders: 1 times
  @ForexTipsDotCom: 1 times
celebtv mentions:
  @teencelebtv: 1 times
  @pooperwiener: 1 times
  @kellizink: 1 times
uberthegeek mentions:
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @davidlafuente: 1 times
  @gerardway: 1 times
  @jennifercontino: 1 times
  @NicKlein: 1 times
  @skottieyoung: 1 times
  @someecards: 1 times
  @leinilyu: 1 times
  @TomAhhr: 1 times
  @yost: 1 times
new_heights mentions:
  @McSalina: 1 times
  @cowflopnh: 1 times
  @govinnroch: 1 times
  @localtweeps: 1 times
  @mrtweet: 1 times
  @geocachingbot: 1 times
julie_adore mentions:
  @gallimard: 1 times
  @handm: 1 times
  @HenryMichel: 1 times
  @hootsuite: 1 times
  @iciMOO: 1 times
  @jamieoliver: 1 times
jlknott mentions:
  @CAPMSU: 1 times
ladygonzy mentions:
  @Truebert: 1 times
anthonylojac mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
tinkerick mentions:
  @headchangesrus: 1 times
  @Sybillinart: 1 times
  @StamperDawn: 1 times
  @Bncngoffthwlls: 1 times
  @EtsyStalker: 1 times
  @HandmadeCrafts: 1 times
  @sparkle4soul: 1 times
  @mintconspiracy: 1 times
raks1991 mentions:
  @ihouseman: 1 times
  @RobNewport: 1 times
  @dixonhamby: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @raks1991: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
elizbattiste mentions:
  @MSUSAProgram: 1 times
  @WomensLaw: 1 times
jnorris01 mentions:
  @brainline: 1 times
jewelrytutorial mentions:
  @NaturesDecor: 1 times
  @JewelryTutorial: 1 times
  @rokstudy: 1 times
  @JLsExpressions: 1 times
  @canadianrockies: 1 times
  @fleurviolette: 1 times
  @designerpens: 1 times
  @ethora: 1 times
rideshare_co mentions:
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
mrsdana mentions:
  @MuzixPowerDuo: 1 times
  @WealthEvite: 1 times
  @Lolikar: 1 times
  @mrsdana: 1 times
  @fromduval: 1 times
  @themverses: 1 times
  @DjWhoBTR: 1 times
  @WyteriaJacobo: 1 times
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
rebeccasoffice mentions:
  @eroticala: 1 times
  @nikkibenz: 1 times
  @janetmasonxxx: 1 times
  @rachelaziani: 1 times
  @elligirl: 1 times
  @serenawet: 1 times
  @richardmannxxx: 1 times
howard74 mentions:
  @ronama: 1 times
  @GeoffHampton: 1 times
  @WildMountain: 1 times
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @Tap29: 1 times
  @michellew: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @HOMELESSCRISIS: 1 times
loveshot mentions:
  @ViniciusCezar: 1 times
  @thulks: 1 times
  @GabyFrancisco: 1 times
  @expeditopaz: 1 times
  @raphsx: 1 times
  @WillyamArcanjo: 1 times
  @raphaelmaia: 1 times
  @ClaraMello: 1 times
  @christinealves: 1 times
  @gabzel: 1 times
dfs_ellen mentions:
  @LiveAquaria: 1 times
drbenlo mentions:
  @JaneEJohnson: 1 times
design_seeds mentions:
adanigelis mentions:
  @kirstinbutler: 1 times
diabetickidz mentions:
  @sixuntilme: 1 times
  @drval: 1 times
  @fakechucknorris: 1 times
  @GMinusG: 1 times
  @papercookie: 1 times
  @LifeScript: 1 times
marc_meyer mentions:
  @NothingButNets: 1 times
allen099 mentions:
rshurbet mentions:
  @allahpundit: 1 times
  @GOPROUD: 1 times
  @Whitman2010: 1 times
  @annebelle7: 1 times
  @JeffM87: 1 times
  @kris24morris: 1 times
  @brooksbayne: 1 times
  @JustAGrunt: 1 times
alltalent mentions:
  @beiruta: 1 times
tneodepressivo mentions:
  @ricards: 1 times
  @catherineloup: 1 times
  @InesRibeiro: 1 times
  @JoanaRSSousa: 1 times
  @raquelcrato: 1 times
  @juanitogilsa: 1 times
  @arcebispo: 1 times
  @pxandre: 1 times
  @problema: 1 times
  @luismonteiro: 1 times
geekgirlcamp mentions:
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @PerpetualKid: 1 times
  @jinx: 1 times
  @threadless: 1 times
  @Squishable: 1 times
  @GeekyClean: 1 times
varietypages mentions:
  @DavidLMcAfee: 1 times
  @JennalsWriting: 1 times
atomicplayboy mentions:
  @realbillymays: 1 times
  @youngbillymays: 1 times
  @kingsully: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
asiabrands mentions:
  @twitwebtester: 1 times
  @ParasolLady: 1 times
  @tcslater: 1 times
  @Goldenorckus: 1 times
  @ritch88: 1 times
  @cedricchee: 1 times
  @BLONTE3: 1 times
  @ocianet: 1 times
  @webdesigniinc: 1 times
  @reeldavid: 1 times
khrystena mentions:
  @JeffGrattan: 1 times
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
woodybass mentions:
  @LasVegasSign: 1 times
  @PokerRoadNation: 1 times
  @PokerRagen: 1 times
nakedgypsy mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
  @aTexasAttitude: 1 times
  @mycameraandi: 1 times
  @BubblyBride: 1 times
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @kennethmaxey: 1 times
  @sillycows: 1 times
  @JoeGiga: 1 times
nextwaveray mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 2 times
  @JenniferHess: 1 times
  @libbytalks: 1 times
  @Paula88: 1 times
  @vitality4all6: 1 times
  @TimeIsAGift: 1 times
  @Time2Design: 1 times
glamutante mentions:
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @bijouliving: 1 times
  @BringItUp: 1 times
  @bagsnob: 1 times
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @pretaporterpb: 1 times
  @Chiconomics: 1 times
  @avelle: 1 times
  @Fashionalities: 1 times
fritinancy mentions:
  @OrangeXW: 1 times
  @momku: 1 times
householdjunk mentions:
  @bkkihega: 1 times
  @HomemakerHero: 1 times
librarijen mentions:
  @Taliasherer: 1 times
  @marianliberryan: 1 times
delsquacho mentions:
  @BeShirtHappy: 1 times
thatmollygirl mentions:
  @whynatte: 1 times
  @ktlee317: 1 times
  @introvertedone: 1 times
  @carl: 1 times
  @foureightfour: 1 times
lucashenes mentions:
  @brfreitas: 1 times
  @diegoknak: 1 times
  @carinamagalhaes: 1 times
  @LongJaxx: 1 times
  @juniorpessi: 1 times
  @iantor: 1 times
ijoyradio mentions:
  @pfmonaco: 1 times
  @PodCastRob: 1 times
  @paulina1: 1 times
  @ninjaradio: 1 times
  @iJoyRadio: 1 times
  @edovett: 1 times
  @markbaars: 1 times
  @mzondag: 1 times
  @danieljohnsonjr: 1 times
moddities mentions:
  @RustBeltThreads: 1 times
richard__white mentions:
  @SuButcher: 1 times
  @directassist: 1 times
  @RichardWhite: 1 times
dalamanna mentions:
  @: 1 times
coldnosephoto mentions:
  @shinepetphotos: 1 times
gretchenmensing mentions:
  @MidwestMoms: 1 times
  @CoachNancyP: 1 times
jsbagain mentions:
  @katcalbes: 1 times
  @jsbagain: 1 times
  @oakmonster: 1 times
  @nduhoski: 1 times
  @prdreamer: 1 times
  @crys78: 1 times
  @susiecheng: 1 times
  @smcedeno: 1 times
  @changeca: 1 times
asianconsblog mentions:
  @Amandajbutt: 1 times
  @WaSt4Huckabee12: 1 times
  @countrybrad: 1 times
  @patriotgams123: 1 times
  @MelikaM: 1 times
  @AsianConsBlog: 1 times
artcity mentions:
  @katflanigan: 1 times
obox mentions:
  @MarkForrester: 1 times
uncompletedwork mentions:
  @Copterkid: 1 times
  @MikeBonomo: 1 times
  @PaleJewel: 1 times
  @liveforfilms: 1 times
samram mentions:
  @miquelquintana: 1 times
  @martuchi: 1 times
xssnrg mentions:
  @LeaderLink: 1 times
  @xssnrg: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
  @TheCEOCoach: 1 times
  @LFTS: 1 times
creativemf mentions:
  @nelsongeorge: 1 times
  @bsgpr: 1 times
  @RSheffield: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @larrylawfer: 1 times
  @KevinMercuri: 1 times
  @modernista: 1 times
  @sallyhogshead: 1 times
uwgmimi mentions:
  @osirri: 1 times
  @pagirl82: 1 times
  @surgicaltech09: 1 times
  @authorfvsmith: 1 times
  @afghannews: 1 times
  @usfora: 1 times
sgv_tweetup mentions:
  @thepodcast: 1 times
  @SoCalMovieFans: 1 times
  @rtpalmpre: 1 times
  @tuaw: 1 times
  @leighshev: 1 times
  @Loveandemulsion: 1 times
  @Maggiedacat: 1 times
  @IconEnterprises: 1 times
  @TammiLA: 1 times
  @tweetup: 1 times
epitomeofsass mentions:
  @JazzoReneeFollowFriday: 1 times
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
threestonesteps mentions:
  @studio618: 1 times
  @denverflower: 1 times
  @threestonesteps: 1 times
  @tstreasures: 1 times
  @dambisamoyo: 1 times
claire_bare mentions:
  @hornedrims: 1 times
  @destinyofman: 1 times
  @Nale2009: 1 times
  @TLM1984: 1 times
  @avidreader1969: 1 times
  @Technohoney: 1 times
  @papersalesman: 1 times
  @InvisibleOrchid: 1 times
  @Tatjia: 1 times
davidf mentions:
  @IslandPacket: 1 times
  @BeaufortGazette: 1 times
  @IPBGsports: 1 times
  @uscbsharkbites: 1 times
  @thefootblog: 1 times
  @theguideblog: 1 times
  @incrowdblog: 1 times
  @blogalacarte: 1 times
kbmonster mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @PhilPacker: 1 times
amyvernon mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
yogadork mentions:
  @IntegralHack: 1 times
  @elephantjournal: 1 times
voteforpj mentions:
  @chuckdevore: 1 times
  @Joshuabradnp: 1 times
  @ruth4AZ: 1 times
  @TheodoreMedia: 1 times
  @ToddMarks: 1 times
  @DalydeGagne: 1 times
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @voteforpj: 1 times
lotpodcast mentions:
  @LordShaper: 1 times
  @acomicbookgirl: 1 times
  @chrismurrin: 1 times
  @graphicricky: 1 times
  @forzafutbol: 1 times
  @iamhannah: 1 times
lisaklong mentions:
  @NickCobb: 1 times
seanarcher205 mentions:
  @djtelle: 1 times
  @durtymo: 1 times
  @pctrprfct: 1 times
niellemc mentions:
  @GorramnShiny: 1 times
  @Whedonette: 1 times
franaspiemom mentions:
  @civlee: 1 times
kimberwitch mentions:
  @wheezies: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
pmtarantino mentions:
  @emevieyra: 1 times
  @fepe55: 1 times
  @chegabys: 1 times
  @diskfull: 1 times
abbrandes mentions:
  @themeparkmom: 1 times
  @alotofnothing: 1 times
  @mommymusings: 1 times
  @morningsidemom: 1 times
  @mommymelee: 1 times
  @mommaven: 1 times
  @modernmami: 1 times
  @mom2nji: 1 times
  @fidget: 1 times
sbwalsh mentions:
  @AnitaDFiouris: 1 times
  @BradHagerMLM: 1 times
breezy0408 mentions:
  @TwittWithMeCom: 1 times
nicolewick mentions:
  @russhutto: 1 times
ditransitive mentions:
  @JosephineSeven: 1 times
reimagin mentions:
  @CalvaryGirl: 2 times
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @hipEchik: 1 times
  @libertydancerthx: 1 times
grandmamaryshow mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @GrandmaMaryShow: 1 times
lrlee mentions:
  @wheezies: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
whengrowthstall mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
productthespic mentions:
  @siremusicgroup: 1 times
  @productthespic: 1 times
  @LatinaNichelle4: 1 times
  @LegatoPryce: 1 times
iamnewyork mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @stillsosassy: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 2 times
  @IamNewYork: 1 times
jimreppond mentions:
  @jennihogan: 1 times
  @SeattleTweeters: 1 times
  @seattle20: 1 times
  @MSSurface: 1 times
  @123socialmedia: 1 times
  @BarbJacobucci: 1 times
  @simchabe: 1 times
endofdays212 mentions:
  @SolelyCharming: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
  @McCody: 1 times
  @laurastaley: 1 times
  @misscarnival: 1 times
  @sstargell: 1 times
  @TheDailySparkle: 1 times
  @bohemianrose: 1 times
  @worldpartyday: 1 times
sharpcloudteam mentions:
  @cbcurren: 1 times
  @autom8: 1 times
  @chrisadragna: 1 times
  @johanlouwers: 1 times
  @danmchugh: 1 times
  @IBMResearch: 1 times
  @twailgum: 1 times
  @carterlusher: 1 times
oliviationlee mentions:
  @demongirly: 1 times
jastorey mentions:
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
canadiancollect mentions:
  @AlexBlom: 1 times
mirandamartinez mentions:
  @rawveganradio: 1 times
  @Paulnison: 1 times
  @AmandaSalinas: 1 times
  @amirahhall: 1 times
  @IsaacClay: 1 times
  @chocotrixie: 1 times
  @RawFoodNation: 1 times
  @myrawchef: 1 times
johngoldsby mentions:
  @SunnaGunnlaugs: 1 times
  @philwbass: 1 times
  @johngoldsby: 1 times
  @siggidori: 1 times
  @matthewwengerd: 1 times
  @russbass: 1 times
atr_jobs mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
da187suspect mentions:
  @morningmoe: 1 times
  @clickflickca: 1 times
__jordan_ mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
villabuecherbix mentions:
  @Schuhmi: 1 times
  @GNRAnni: 1 times
wesglinsmann mentions:
  @HHReynolds: 1 times
  @blogswithballs: 1 times
anneclarke_art mentions:
  @missmoosedesigns: 1 times
  @neonblackuk: 1 times
  @clanoxie: 1 times
  @southpawstudios: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
justdevin mentions:
  @JaggerMafia: 1 times
pierredeux mentions:
  @ahandathome: 1 times
angelinaward mentions:
  @antonchuvakin: 1 times
  @MorrMac: 1 times
  @BurgessCT: 1 times
  @steelejames: 1 times
  @spinzon: 1 times
  @theprez98: 1 times
rupertalistair mentions:
  @filmclassics: 1 times
  @teejay0109: 1 times
  @julesgregory: 1 times
  @AntonyEdwards: 1 times
  @EricChambers: 1 times
mobimom mentions:
  @UsborneJody: 1 times
  @LiteracySA: 1 times
  @everybodywins: 1 times
  @MySchoolTooz: 1 times
  @ReadingRockets: 1 times
hydeparkmom mentions:
  @SheriSalata: 1 times
nextmoon mentions:
  @focuscatalyst: 1 times
  @fritinancy: 1 times
shih_wei mentions:
  @strutting: 1 times
katieoco mentions:
  @mkparsley: 1 times
kevinnewcomb mentions:
  @sewatch: 1 times
  @jburby: 1 times
  @KevinLeeQED: 1 times
  @MaryBowling: 1 times
  @mikegrehan: 1 times
  @pjhfusco: 1 times
  @tessawegert: 1 times
  @TheGrok: 1 times
lugoves mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
1080group mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
smcmadmrob mentions:
  @SMCMadmRob: 2 times
  @smcmseahawks: 1 times
juliebonnheath mentions:
  @wvpmc: 1 times
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
patobryan mentions:
  @jpatrick23: 1 times
  @ericfarewell: 1 times
  @mrfire: 1 times
  @harmonicthought: 1 times
  @craigperrine: 1 times
  @trappersherwood: 1 times
  @golferpaul: 1 times
pavicich mentions:
  @arjunbasu: 1 times
  @ErsatzMoe: 1 times
theworkingdad mentions:
growhuge mentions:
  @xfactor79: 1 times
  @aerolvr3big: 1 times
cotono mentions:
  @aschek: 1 times
  @cotono: 1 times
joelfrycomedy mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
jkvirtualoffice mentions:
  @exp123: 1 times
  @kellicummings: 1 times
  @JadeLT: 1 times
  @PrimoAssistance: 1 times
  @davidspurell: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @KenaRoth: 1 times
karenkid mentions:
  @omygoshashley: 1 times
  @DavidArchie: 1 times
  @TheRealJordin: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @tommcfly: 1 times
  @ShontelleLayne: 1 times
  @frogcooke: 1 times
sherriel1110 mentions:
  @sherriel1110: 1 times
  @DonnieWahlberg: 1 times
  @bclub: 1 times
  @jimmymarsh617: 1 times
tedi mentions:
wendybattles mentions:
  @lorryschoenly: 1 times
  @CathyJBrown: 1 times
  @learae: 1 times
  @AngelaGunter: 1 times
  @wendybattles: 1 times
dansumption mentions:
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
superdelightful mentions:
  @cupcakie: 1 times
  @aronado: 1 times
  @neongolden: 1 times
  @AJHab: 1 times
  @superdelightfu: 1 times
cjthedj mentions:
wylddelirium mentions:
childrenparties mentions:
  @93XRT: 1 times
  @OakParkGirl: 1 times
  @STYLEMOM: 1 times
  @jswo: 1 times
  @beth1170: 1 times
  @TweetParents: 1 times
  @ResourcefulMom: 1 times
  @amberportercox: 1 times
  @lifewaykefir: 1 times
  @blm03: 1 times
visualizechange mentions:
  @atomiota: 1 times
  @OutofPoverty: 1 times
  @fabtweet: 1 times
nakedbinder mentions:
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @FatBottomBags: 1 times
  @Ecosaveology: 1 times
  @pantryspa: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @buygreen: 1 times
  @hehawaiiau: 1 times
  @reconsider: 1 times
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
beebow mentions:
  @hollisthomases: 1 times
astridnicole mentions:
  @dogsandcats: 1 times
  @hanseebundee: 1 times
  @DogTravelComp: 1 times
  @WildPaw: 1 times
  @BabyHaroldK: 1 times
  @SuperTriviaGuy: 1 times
kooikerexpress mentions:
  @Erroin: 1 times
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
36dbldz mentions:
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @36dbldz: 1 times
  @RewyneOnTwitta: 1 times
  @JaySkillz: 1 times
  @nycgrl88: 1 times
  @JobAtlanta: 1 times
  @MargeI: 1 times
mouthdroppa mentions:
  @successsecret: 1 times
mikejmartin mentions:
  @JonHutson: 1 times
  @alexlobov: 1 times
  @keyvan: 1 times
  @msapprehensive: 1 times
  @mahdi: 1 times
  @shahrzadmo: 1 times
  @voteforiran: 1 times
starsandspace mentions:
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
derkthederk mentions:
  @jcbaggee: 1 times
  @ryanrotten: 1 times
  @theunclean: 1 times
  @MarronMarvel: 1 times
  @unclecreepy: 1 times
  @arrowinthehead: 1 times
  @bluraven: 1 times
  @RoxxiNikki: 1 times
  @ComicBookLegacy: 1 times
trekkerguy mentions:
  @Kelliwithani: 1 times
  @sarahhorvat: 1 times
  @sarahprout: 1 times
  @crushdmb: 1 times
  @shelliwazzu: 1 times
apexjason mentions:
thunderbirdnews mentions:
  @TbirdAdmissions: 1 times
  @ThunderbirdPE: 1 times
  @ThunderbirdCMC: 1 times
soulmate737 mentions:
  @doughfromdago: 1 times
  @iamhotdolla: 1 times
  @untamedtv: 1 times
  @holoween2: 1 times
  @cynikal3000: 1 times
  @bangloose: 1 times
  @kpdolla: 1 times
  @devidev: 1 times
  @itsaproblem: 1 times
jersson mentions:
  @carlosfigueroa: 2 times
photosbychrisnw mentions:
  @prettytoes: 1 times
  @amds007: 1 times
  @Donaldverger: 1 times
  @InjusticeNews: 1 times
  @ra: 1 times
_mom_23 mentions:
  @BriBri2007: 2 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 2 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @JenniRyan: 1 times
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @Mom23: 1 times
  @fuzzyducky: 1 times
wwwmarty mentions:
  @blairblends: 1 times
dontyaknow mentions:
  @bookwalter: 1 times
  @harlancoben: 1 times
  @bwcabloglady: 1 times
  @charlottehughes: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @dudleybdawson: 1 times
  @minnpost: 1 times
abbielundberg mentions:
  @jmcgee: 2 times
  @cbcurran: 1 times
katherinen mentions:
  @AnimalPlanet: 1 times
  @JellMaxBubLu: 1 times
swapgame mentions:
  @t3dotcom: 1 times
the_troy_show mentions:
  @jimmywhite09: 1 times
  @TradingGoddess: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @TiffyCBabae: 1 times
  @amberportercox: 1 times
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @AmandavdGulik: 1 times
aha_com mentions:
  @VGListaTopp20: 1 times
  @martinkvamme: 1 times
  @sondreofficial: 1 times
  @erinhillharp: 1 times
bakingblog mentions:
  @DantesSpirit: 1 times
sharedideas mentions:
  @blogbrevity: 2 times
freddiescott mentions:
  @MePlusFour: 1 times
unnuagedecole mentions:
  @stellarflare: 1 times
  @ParanormalScot: 1 times
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
theweblady mentions:
  @julito77s: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
ereuben mentions:
  @rhodri: 1 times
  @thenoshow: 1 times
  @mitchbenn: 1 times
  @bobbyllew: 1 times
  @lesteph: 1 times
  @wandster: 1 times
  @charlesarthur: 1 times
  @jackschofield: 1 times
blueberryhilltx mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
debraward mentions:
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
moneymatters mentions:
  @jnickles: 1 times
  @freefrombroke: 1 times
  @bsimple: 1 times
  @debtdiva: 1 times
  @frugaldad: 1 times
  @moolanomy: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
  @mattjabs: 1 times
  @mytwodollars: 1 times
no_ware_land mentions:
  @bjam331: 1 times
  @meaganbond: 1 times
  @lofolulu: 1 times
  @submom: 1 times
  @abbaks: 1 times
  @missdestructo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @R3s3rvo1rD0g: 1 times
  @pop17: 1 times
  @jes2go: 1 times
  @juliaroy: 1 times
paulonair mentions:
  @GaryMuircroftproblem: 1 times
  @radiogeorge: 1 times
  @berniebubbles: 1 times
  @N1GHT0WL: 1 times
  @junglejanet: 1 times
  @majbloor: 1 times
  @barrysnedden: 1 times
  @tolisv: 1 times
renatogarcia mentions:
  @fiiii: 1 times
northavlnews mentions:
  @mountainjava: 1 times
  @AshevillBrewing: 1 times
  @Savoyrestaurant: 1 times
  @GreatHallBar: 1 times
  @MagLounge: 1 times
  @craftgallery: 1 times
twitgeridoo mentions:
  @BastiCore: 1 times
  @Scheibenhacker: 1 times
  @PiratenNRW: 1 times
  @StopptMerkel: 1 times
  @Tweedmagazin: 1 times
  @bildblog: 1 times
  @sprengk0erper: 1 times
  @mongomeister: 1 times
  @dineb: 1 times
  @pintslap: 1 times
chimchim237 mentions:
  @mamatrizza: 1 times
  @merrittsbakery: 1 times
  @TheMayoHotel: 1 times
  @bluejackalope: 1 times
  @IdaRed: 1 times
  @downtownlive: 1 times
  @lambruscoz2go: 1 times
susangregg mentions:
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @rossweber: 1 times
  @PilonBignell: 1 times
  @aquicknote: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @Tbonephoto: 1 times
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @teespree: 1 times
timothymurphy11 mentions:
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @jonwardeleven: 1 times
  @majoratWH: 1 times
  @billweirabc: 1 times
  @abckatesnow: 1 times
  @abcdude: 1 times
route53 mentions:
  @donaldwilhelm: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @isishswtpea: 1 times
  @route53: 1 times
  @tammid: 1 times
  @liz0987: 1 times
  @berci: 1 times
  @ladyotrout: 1 times
  @charlcies: 1 times
  @abundance14: 1 times
ckrofone mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @chatpack: 1 times
  @melfi: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
  @db: 2 times
  @billcammack: 1 times
  @ozsultan: 1 times
  @ggdm: 1 times
  @radzack: 1 times
  @gregarious: 1 times
  @bsimi: 1 times
abqryan mentions:
  @jarreauman: 1 times
  @abbygirlroxy: 1 times
  @CreamFilled: 1 times
  @inapfilth: 1 times
  @cripplesmith: 1 times
  @xoticbeauty: 1 times
  @TiannaXander: 1 times
  @PerfectSnack: 1 times
  @PamelaBNGP: 1 times
smartdecisions mentions:
  @Telefontrainer: 1 times
  @smartDecisions: 1 times
  @sichtbarmachen: 1 times
  @tweedghost: 1 times
  @Mardorf: 1 times
jololouie31 mentions:
  @KizDaBoss: 2 times
  @jololouie311: 1 times
  @itsartic: 1 times
  @djleemajors: 1 times
tino806 mentions:
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
sorcadesign mentions:
suzanneevans mentions:
  @GAHomeloan: 1 times
  @SuzanneEvans: 1 times
latinbabeindex mentions:
  @xjanessabrazilx: 1 times
sebritt mentions:
  @SianLindemann: 1 times
drunkintheam mentions:
dd_big9 mentions:
  @KimmyHamilton: 1 times
  @kristennnn: 1 times
  @Kaida: 1 times
  @jrw2394: 1 times
  @Lindsgraham17: 1 times
  @LeahShearer: 1 times
  @iiiiitsjenna: 1 times
  @meowmistidawn: 1 times
  @XXXTJCummings: 1 times
mattquirk mentions:
  @ccmaine: 1 times
  @flytenewmedia: 1 times
aldrichsilva mentions:
  @morningmoe: 1 times
  @clickflickca: 1 times
nyssssa mentions:
  @binstructions: 1 times
semipenguin mentions:
  @transgender: 2 times
  @CynthiaBuroughs: 1 times
amicalmant mentions:
krausecreative mentions:
  @skfpr: 1 times
  @elsbethoggert: 1 times
  @prjeff: 1 times
  @arters: 1 times
  @LindaVandeVrede: 1 times
  @creativeharvest: 1 times
  @QuinnCreative: 1 times
  @azprgal: 1 times
carl_thompson mentions:
  @GeneHunt: 11 times
tacoshack27 mentions:
  @leethompson: 1 times
camjovan mentions:
  @DynamicDive42: 1 times
starlah mentions:
  @AdamAinbinder: 1 times
  @inculink: 1 times
valuerockr mentions:
  @GrisGrimly: 1 times
underthebar mentions:
  @KCbandit: 1 times
  @franktrigg: 1 times
  @mercinary: 1 times
  @chokewho: 1 times
  @darthmolen: 1 times
  @supremeknight: 1 times
  @steveripple: 1 times
  @underthebar: 1 times
  @demonfactory: 1 times
  @adamtool: 1 times
gaudart mentions:
  @pcam: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @Buchautor: 1 times
petsbestfriend mentions:
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @NancyCSwisher: 1 times
  @NelsonMD: 1 times
  @HudsonHomeTeam: 1 times
brentlauren mentions:
  @ChicAlert: 1 times
  @DCShoeDiva: 1 times
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @BrentLauren: 1 times
  @QlovesFashion: 1 times
  @STYLEMOM: 1 times
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @JewelryTutorial: 1 times
jacklovell mentions:
  @deem01: 1 times
  @tinu: 1 times
ladiuniq mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @ShaneBreen: 1 times
  @ladiuniq: 1 times
  @Rocky2Real: 1 times
  @shamara99: 1 times
  @LuvOrHate: 1 times
  @moble: 1 times
  @SoulMethod: 1 times
dan0608 mentions:
  @carinak: 1 times
sazsmelik mentions:
  @mennard: 1 times
nonnysilver mentions:
  @PrKid: 1 times
  @NonnySilver: 1 times
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
  @Dynamic2020: 1 times
pingpants mentions:
  @AmyVernoni: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
virtualraven mentions:
faitaccompli mentions:
  @Morticia626: 1 times
  @bhaddad: 1 times
  @TerenceSmelser: 1 times
  @hckyply123: 1 times
  @GypsyHooker: 1 times
  @JCinQC: 1 times
  @Jerell: 1 times
  @ReesForCongress: 1 times
starmonique mentions:
  @wsuconservative: 1 times
  @ScottKesterson: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @jimmybradley: 1 times
  @bearfanron: 1 times
  @GrimaceII: 1 times
  @juliarygaard: 1 times
todaysepicdeal mentions:
  @alferretti: 1 times
coolbbthemes mentions:
  @richontwitter: 1 times
sanctify mentions:
  @thereisaseason: 1 times
  @sanctify: 1 times
jackclabough mentions:
  @homeswithkevin: 1 times
  @forclosedtweet: 1 times
wrigleygirl mentions:
  @Angelnc: 1 times
wood_magazine mentions:
  @SplinteredBoard: 1 times
  @jn3Woodworks: 1 times
  @RenaissanceWW: 1 times
petercoffin mentions:
  @ericoliphant: 1 times
  @sanstoutpeck: 1 times
fearlesscoach mentions:
  @SuzanneEvans: 1 times
  @fearlesscoach: 1 times
sbolen mentions:
  @dgoold: 1 times
  @natebecker: 1 times
  @cjbeatty44: 1 times
furrytigerkitty mentions:
  @CeciTart: 1 times
  @fabulouslorrain: 1 times
  @neverwear: 1 times
  @bethofalltrades: 1 times
deegospel mentions:
  @warrenwhitlock: 1 times
bncngoffthwlls mentions:
  @HolyCraft: 1 times
  @texasmommy77: 1 times
  @RetailMinded: 1 times
  @ktsteppers: 1 times
  @Bncngoffthwlls: 1 times
  @Babyswags: 1 times
  @HotMamaGowns: 1 times
  @blissnine: 1 times
farecomparedeal mentions:
  @cmadhur: 1 times
  @wrecklesswings: 1 times
  @gregdane: 1 times
  @nandinisen: 1 times
coachkiki mentions:
  @MarkClayson: 1 times
ceresnews mentions:
  @repoweramerica: 1 times
  @HuffPostGreen: 1 times
  @YaleE360: 1 times
  @ClimateAction: 1 times
britztwit mentions:
  @ResultZzs: 1 times
  @KidsBuzz: 1 times
  @BMCTwitta: 1 times
  @thatActress: 1 times
  @@artistanika: 1 times
  @twitbabble: 1 times
custmrcollectiv mentions:
  @jmcaddell: 1 times
  @krishnade: 1 times
  @ardath421: 1 times
  @annekeseley: 1 times
denial mentions:
  @Mocksoup: 1 times
  @cassandrahansen: 1 times
  @OttumwaCourier: 1 times
  @ktvo: 1 times
  @videogamehof: 1 times
  @porcelina223: 1 times
hoofthereporter mentions:
darinrmcclure mentions:
  @RKlau: 1 times
  @Blogger: 1 times
firstdigg mentions:
  @Urgo: 1 times
buenosdiasrd mentions:
  @joannasalce: 1 times
  @twileo: 1 times
  @fabersp: 1 times
  @JolyRodriguez: 1 times
  @quejoder: 1 times
  @RuiDelgado: 1 times
  @elrincongozoso: 1 times
deborahkeegan mentions:
  @ecochefs: 1 times
electricheartz mentions:
  @charlieskies: 1 times
  @MatthewBryan: 1 times
  @Rorzshach: 1 times
  @hnrxmcrlover: 1 times
  @FireAtWillxx: 1 times
  @ariannaxmychem: 1 times
cyberhodge mentions:
  @reportmerle: 1 times
janelledee mentions:
  @AuditionPortal: 1 times
  @AngelaGunn: 1 times
  @TrishaSA: 1 times
  @chemaha: 1 times
  @JanelleDee: 1 times
  @grlactress: 1 times
3ellis mentions:
  @juliecole: 1 times
  @mumby: 1 times
  @caitm: 1 times
  @mabelhood: 1 times
attyrodriguez mentions:
  @djphokiss: 1 times
tashabouvier mentions:
  @rhettmc: 1 times
hucmeister mentions:
  @stephenfry: 1 times
_stevewoods mentions:
  @sicilyyoder: 1 times
  @gwenlovesolives: 1 times
  @tatoopaula: 1 times
  @lshalottcamelott: 1 times
  @wendywheatley: 1 times
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @britlovescam: 1 times
  @niteinggail: 1 times
kimberleeriley mentions:
  @outdoorsource: 1 times
  @ropelok: 1 times
  @ambleoutdoors: 1 times
  @upsideoverinc: 1 times
  @jnpa: 1 times
  @reicoop: 1 times
grammarcops mentions:
  @ChristinaGayle: 1 times
kevgibbo mentions:
  @robwatts: 2 times
tropicaldelight mentions:
  @KatrinaQuigley: 1 times
  @TropicalDelight: 1 times
  @DirtyAssSoaps: 1 times
  @watsonk2: 1 times
aprilfirefly mentions:
  @PassionMD: 1 times
  @aprilfirefly: 1 times
audnumber mentions:
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @LaBarceloneta: 1 times
  @DesignerG: 1 times
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @CanadaBanana: 1 times
  @DAREvolu: 1 times
twitslam mentions:
  @dannyhoyt: 1 times
  @omahagreg: 1 times
  @rsouth1: 1 times
  @twitslam: 1 times
  @carolinefunk: 1 times
  @ryanleak: 1 times
  @arinlikeyearh: 1 times
  @corydemmel: 1 times
clhaha mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
rpb318 mentions:
  @br1anh00v3r: 1 times
txcrimjr mentions:
  @umilutplz: 1 times
kmweiland mentions:
  @bobbynash: 1 times
  @pentenscribes: 1 times
  @cjdarlington: 1 times
  @TanyaDennis: 1 times
  @atgiggleswick: 1 times
  @LittleScribbler: 1 times
  @ConnieBrz: 1 times
  @SuzInIL: 1 times
divamover mentions:
  @BetsC: 1 times
  @parodymshifter: 1 times
  @MBHolistic: 1 times
  @altMD: 1 times
  @ChadMoves: 1 times
  @WritingTravel: 1 times
  @clodagh831: 1 times
  @carolineco: 1 times
hajjflemings mentions:
  @Kerrick2: 1 times
  @AntwonDavis: 1 times
lilsis1957 mentions:
  @Jotebro: 2 times
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @Thermopolas: 1 times
  @JimCim: 1 times
  @tonytrainor: 1 times
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @scottbradley77: 1 times
  @: 1 times
airrun mentions:
  @seismic007: 1 times
abbyharenberg mentions:
  @kellyshipp: 1 times
  @smittenamber: 1 times
  @tweetpea: 1 times
  @jacreative: 1 times
  @cyndihardyphoto: 1 times
danielle2507 mentions:
  @CAREEREALISM: 1 times
  @AbsolutelyAbby: 1 times
  @Danielle2507: 1 times
  @Devoted2HRH: 1 times
  @CCareerCenter: 1 times
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @ErinKennedyCPRW: 1 times
  @HR4Change: 1 times
solarrental mentions:
  @NaturalChic: 1 times
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
  @ecopond: 1 times
  @travellinggreen: 1 times
  @greenbiztweets: 1 times
strollair mentions:
  @canadiancollect: 1 times
  @pinkpandafabric: 1 times
  @Barefoottams: 1 times
  @clippopotamus: 1 times
  @strollair: 1 times
  @dreamgym: 1 times
  @beetling: 1 times
judithbailey mentions:
  @aheartforgod: 1 times
melissa49 mentions:
acheapchick mentions:
  @SavingSense: 1 times
  @Tucsoncheap: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
  @mamajoss: 1 times
  @KittysKitchen@StealsDeals: 1 times
  @bargainbabe: 1 times
  @Nightowlmama: 1 times
  @luckytoddler: 1 times
andrewdaley mentions:
  @michaelgeist: 1 times
lauramajercik mentions:
  @PGIELECTRIC: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @WPTV: 1 times
  @wptvLIVE: 1 times
  @wptvTRAFFIC: 1 times
thedaringwoman mentions:
  @ProsperbyDesignWhen: 1 times
  @expertsecrets: 1 times
  @kickofftopic: 1 times
  @thedaringwoman: 1 times
  @growthsolutions: 1 times
  @ecochic: 1 times
forbesnews mentions:
  @maynaseric: 1 times
  @TrinityAnderson: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @tpr2: 1 times
  @guykawasaki: 1 times
  @upbeatnow: 1 times
  @drmani: 1 times
  @DeaElmi: 1 times
latinluvly mentions:
  @dvdlpz: 1 times
  @Glittergirl18: 1 times
  @antonianln: 1 times
  @latinluvly: 1 times
  @Maxamillion15: 1 times
  @lisababy182: 1 times
diydanna mentions:
  @briangoff: 1 times
jeffpodraza mentions:
  @NicoleAdams: 1 times
  @furrier: 1 times
  @kellyhanson: 1 times
  @dinahmaria: 1 times
  @searchmeceo: 1 times
  @jobtrain: 1 times
  @trigeia: 1 times
  @tommoyer: 1 times
  @smellycents: 1 times
  @dawnmiller: 1 times
alphamares mentions:
  @KarriannGraf: 2 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @incomestream: 1 times
  @AndreaChin: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @andrewkamchi: 1 times
barrycurcio mentions:
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
  @JonAston: 1 times
  @DannyBrown: 1 times
  @GinaLaGuardia: 1 times
quandotcom mentions:
  @MriLoveMyLife: 1 times
xsbaggageandco mentions:
  @PamperingBekiFollowFriday: 1 times
  @mommyholly: 1 times
  @xsbaggageandco: 1 times
  @rockdrool: 1 times
  @springtree: 1 times
  @christyklein: 1 times
ninjasherrie mentions:
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
gpleroux mentions:
  @TeamWorldVision: 2 times
  @ryanhall3: 1 times
  @sarahall3: 1 times
  @joshcoxrun: 1 times
scanmyphotos mentions:
kaypros mentions:
  @ardentphoto: 1 times
  @sapphireangie: 1 times
  @DebbieOrwat: 1 times
  @brynn303: 1 times
  @ccjulie: 1 times
  @DJPaula: 1 times
  @TellurideLisa: 1 times
schneidermike mentions:
  @bradjward: 1 times
  @schneidermike: 1 times
gregarious mentions:
  @db: 2 times
  @chatpack: 1 times
  @melfi: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
  @billcammack: 1 times
  @ozsultan: 1 times
  @ggdm: 1 times
  @radzack: 1 times
  @gregarious: 1 times
  @bsimi: 1 times
bruno108 mentions:
  @summerbaby0727: 1 times
  @francescacorner: 1 times
  @ffranii: 1 times
saliwho mentions:
  @smallbecca: 1 times
  @hedgemint: 1 times
  @ElleSergi: 1 times
  @Pablovich: 1 times
  @timidheathen: 1 times
  @davidschneider: 1 times
  @danielmaier: 1 times
  @MKupperman: 1 times
jasyjen mentions:
  @workhomexpert: 1 times
  @JamesC22: 1 times
  @MomieTullottes: 1 times
  @completeoffers: 1 times
  @kathleenotmm: 1 times
  @addthis: 1 times
jeannemale mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
hot_pantx mentions:
  @barbaraba: 1 times
  @jaccka: 1 times
  @maufotos: 1 times
  @absintho: 1 times
  @IsabelaBela: 1 times
  @marceloroadie: 1 times
  @buiux: 1 times
  @luzdelfuego: 1 times
  @aroldo666: 1 times
kristensteinart mentions:
  @maraamy: 1 times
  @pursesandmore: 1 times
  @mabeliam: 1 times
  @ecstewart: 1 times
  @handmadeinpa: 1 times
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @smile4mepatty: 1 times
  @debramorrison: 1 times
cryptia mentions:
lil126stephy mentions:
  @GregorioLoco: 1 times
  @illix012: 1 times
  @siouxsinner: 1 times
  @nkotb: 1 times
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
  @jordanknight: 1 times
  @jonathanrknight: 1 times
  @dannywood: 1 times
  @joeymcintyre: 1 times
valkyrierisen mentions:
  @1txsage1957: 2 times
  @valkyrierisen: 1 times
dannysgirlsg1 mentions:
  @LexaShmexa: 1 times
  @ensredshirt: 1 times
  @punslingerr: 1 times
  @apndrgn: 1 times
  @ohlauren: 1 times
  @sorchamorrigan: 1 times
  @taralee2: 1 times
  @immaterialdepth: 1 times
  @Ikoutzas: 1 times
debbiekirk mentions:
  @johnbethel: 1 times
  @DebbieKirk: 1 times
  @TraceyGrayHair: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @Debbiedee5: 1 times
  @AccuGuy: 1 times
london_events mentions:
  @DayTripsCanada: 1 times
  @quietlaughter: 1 times
thebrooklynbeat mentions:
  @kitkat411: 1 times
brandyourself mentions:
  @JanaNova: 1 times
  @ehrenseim: 1 times
  @coachshera: 1 times
  @JlAllen75: 1 times
  @PowerCV: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
  @petekistler: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
  @kmorrison: 1 times
  @MacGradCareers: 1 times
jmkane mentions:
  @MJSchrader: 1 times
dougleavy mentions:
  @jonsteingard: 1 times
  @itsbrittnicole: 1 times
  @pedroquinines: 1 times
  @taianderson: 1 times
  @andrewwittnauer: 1 times
  @dancastady: 1 times
  @alyssabarlow: 1 times
  @rebeccabarlow: 1 times
nocosocialmedia mentions:
  @LovelandChamber: 1 times
  @JohnMetcalf: 1 times
  @WordsByBob: 1 times
  @LoriGama: 1 times
  @LaurieMacomber: 1 times
fdrresorts mentions:
  @travelingmamas: 2 times
mrmichaelnewton mentions:
  @CharlieSwan: 1 times
  @OnlyLeah: 1 times
  @EmbryC: 1 times
thedanmurphy mentions:
  @battlemaster: 8 times
darrengibson mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @Herheartsmiles: 1 times
  @LarryJoe88: 1 times
  @ch1c423: 1 times
140killas mentions:
mkrigsman mentions:
  @dbmoore: 1 times
dawnie22 mentions:
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @lovelylily1: 1 times
  @AskSharifah: 1 times
  @KCLAnderson: 1 times
mysticb mentions:
  @IMPatch: 1 times
amyerichards mentions:
sirhendrix mentions:
  @siggidori: 1 times
uptownstation mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
kp_eezy mentions:
  @KPeezy: 1 times
  @TeodoraGesheva: 2 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @hakandahlstrom: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
  @VesselinaTP: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
xavier83 mentions:
  @blogobar: 1 times
  @multimediaCH: 1 times
  @CityOnline: 1 times
amberraindesign mentions:
  @torchstar: 1 times
fanny57 mentions:
  @KiaMorganSmith: 1 times
  @macaddict75: 1 times
  @sofiahogan: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @mrskutcher: 1 times
  @yehudaberg: 1 times
  @abcdude: 1 times
  @SamChampion: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @TherealWill: 1 times
daniel_hautjobb mentions:
  @oldtimestrength: 1 times
  @lizanneh: 1 times
  @trilbyglover: 1 times
  @bhufford: 1 times
2thespot mentions:
cpmomcat mentions:
  @GeekGirlCamp: 1 times
andylopata mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
flyersrule mentions:
  @kyleroussel: 1 times
  @AllHabs: 1 times
  @kuyaz: 1 times
  @clockity: 1 times
  @superfro432: 1 times
diongeborde mentions:
  @Admance: 1 times
cjsier mentions:
  @chollis: 1 times
mikakiviranta mentions:
  @cristianvasile: 1 times
  @simonashley: 1 times
  @saurabhshah: 1 times
  @devongovett: 1 times
  @stefanomerlo: 1 times
  @designcoyote: 1 times
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
  @swichi293: 1 times
dh_photography mentions:
  @annievarland: 1 times
  @se1: 1 times
cfca mentions:
  @Need: 1 times
thisistxf mentions:
  @SammieBaby: 1 times
  @PLUSSIZECUTIE: 1 times
  @thisisdae: 1 times
  @manottistreet: 1 times
  @Aoutrageous: 1 times
  @napps126: 1 times
adrianherz mentions:
  @elcarpo: 1 times
  @laquesefue: 1 times
  @edeolazabal: 1 times
  @gonwaidattbeck: 1 times
  @sitemarca: 1 times
  @alejandrito: 1 times
  @gherebia: 1 times
_brittanymorgan mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 2 times
draconis mentions:
  @jeryljagoda: 1 times
  @mydailyfind: 1 times
piplzchoice mentions:
  @strappy1: 1 times
  @danmartell: 1 times
  @chrisyeh: 1 times
  @startuppro: 1 times
  @alasaarela: 1 times
  @fin4founders: 1 times
  @ericries: 1 times
  @seanellis: 1 times
_madde mentions:
  @AbhorrentAspen: 1 times
  @Morganiley: 1 times
  @Sullivan0930: 1 times
  @ShuffleBite: 1 times
soatney mentions:
  @z3rr0Ive: 1 times
  @s: 1 times
tictoc22 mentions:
  @Trains22: 2 times
  @Heartthrob09: 1 times
  @BeautifulLeena: 1 times
  @InNoSenseLost: 1 times
  @tictoc22: 1 times
  @Shesouldeep: 1 times
  @DivasMistress: 1 times
pompeygal mentions:
  @CatatonicCat: 1 times
  @fionaflaherty: 1 times
  @missyvie: 1 times
  @PompeyVik: 1 times
  @Boogaloo1: 1 times
  @MadGerald: 1 times
  @Tracyg63: 1 times
elizabethsosnow mentions:
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @TheRyansWell: 1 times
luisafranklin mentions:
  @jaecka: 1 times
  @CollinEarl: 1 times
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @mkenzzi: 1 times
  @petehopkins: 1 times
  @moonlight2530: 1 times
docmurdock mentions:
pursesandmore mentions:
  @InspirationCo: 1 times
  @southernskirts: 1 times
  @JennNinja: 1 times
  @VenezieBags: 1 times
  @ValArt: 1 times
  @mockpaperbird: 1 times
  @amaliesarmfuls: 1 times
  @EterKnity: 1 times
toddmintz mentions:
  @redtoffee: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @wendytgibson: 1 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @Ursy919: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @RobinWalker: 1 times
_dogoodthings mentions:
  @PointsforProfit: 1 times
  @scottsiders: 1 times
  @HallieJane: 1 times
  @ericjcox: 1 times
  @USNAVYSEALS: 1 times
  @nothingbutnets: 1 times
  @toygunfilms: 1 times
fordmodels mentions:
  @toddwestphal: 1 times
chaparralsuites mentions:
  @scottsdaleaz: 1 times
tbs12001 mentions:
  @bloggerscuba: 1 times
  @boxsociety: 1 times
  @CarrieinTN: 1 times
  @ruiefe: 1 times
  @fradest: 1 times
  @roger213tm: 1 times
  @ElConfeti: 1 times
fadisemaan mentions:
  @PRtoWealth: 1 times
  @OfficialSuzieQ: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @musclemenca: 1 times
  @solution416: 1 times
gentlemanghost1 mentions:
  @Daweski: 2 times
roniuj mentions:
  @ruchkiosaski: 1 times
redporschekilla mentions:
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @LindsayGriffith: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @AFLivingGreen: 1 times
  @PreppyDude: 1 times
  @3HBCT3ID: 1 times
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
  @de: 1 times
annbasham mentions:
  @waxylady: 1 times
  @lindamccormick: 1 times
  @annbasham: 1 times
  @mosettedavis: 1 times
billyadams mentions:
  @ecompliments: 1 times
johnyepes mentions:
  @CynnergiesIs: 1 times
northcorridor mentions:
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @C4LGuy: 1 times
  @southbel: 1 times
  @VodkaPundit: 1 times
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @reland1: 1 times
  @TammyChicago: 1 times
  @LindaInNC: 1 times
  @momsprissy: 1 times
salesguru33 mentions:
  @calebscoville: 1 times
lmelias mentions:
  @VisionSphere: 1 times
perfectsnack mentions:
  @Praxilla: 1 times
  @perfectsnack: 1 times
mbl mentions:
  @SharonRLinder: 1 times
  @gimmemoores: 1 times
  @andychrism: 1 times
  @ZephyrK9: 1 times
  @BeccaVan: 1 times
  @mineralrich: 1 times
  @catholicseeking: 1 times
  @MomOfMercy: 1 times
  @mbl: 1 times
  @countessmc: 1 times
gwiabba mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
gaylac mentions:
  @ocdchick: 1 times
  @RickGriffin: 1 times
  @RayNellum: 1 times
  @jennifer97236: 1 times
  @scottbryant: 1 times
  @Kelly62u: 1 times
  @bobbygbrown: 1 times
  @lmkenny: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
treytipton mentions:
  @billyadams: 1 times
  @ecompliments: 1 times
jcoronella mentions:
  @TheMadHat: 1 times
  @myass: 1 times
angelnc mentions:
  @pal013: 1 times
  @art4thehomeless: 1 times
  @cath4art: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @angelnc: 1 times
pinilla mentions:
  @LuisM: 1 times
bkgmedia mentions:
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
brienadal mentions:
  @CincyRecruiter: 1 times
  @TheRecruiterGuy: 1 times
  @michaelmarlatt: 1 times
willisms mentions:
  @bradwjackson: 1 times
  @GovernorPerry: 1 times
  @MichaelWilliams: 1 times
  @TomCoburn: 1 times
  @MarkSanford: 1 times
  @MarcoRubio: 1 times
  @ToomeyForSenate: 1 times
anaria mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
checkmycity mentions:
jeffbassell mentions:
  @DTCahill: 1 times
  @BarrackBorat: 1 times
  @ConservaTeacher: 1 times
  @TPaineUSA: 1 times
  @szoutte: 1 times
  @southsalem: 1 times
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @patriotfreedom: 1 times
  @HenriettaHughes: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
dirtytractor mentions:
  @Greg888: 2 times
discofrancisco mentions:
markrmatthews mentions:
  @lizacosta: 1 times
crazycatkid mentions:
  @gregadams: 1 times
spaindex mentions:
  @spawebeditor: 1 times
bengiequintana mentions:
  @laesqdominicana: 1 times
ifpetscouldtype mentions:
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @Monkfishy: 1 times
  @hanseebundee: 1 times
  @henryandfriends: 1 times
  @maps4pets: 1 times
  @WillMyDogHateMe: 1 times
  @AnimalLovers12: 1 times
  @reikifurbabies: 1 times
sabertiger mentions:
  @jcloake: 1 times
lotraci09 mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @ashleytisdale: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @VincentIrizarry: 1 times
lewisginter mentions:
  @AmyGarelick: 1 times
  @beenswank: 1 times
  @VisitRichmond: 1 times
  @VisitVirginia: 1 times
imrphoto mentions:
  @michaelzelbel: 1 times
  @applemacgeek: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
wnahoney mentions:
tatrtalk mentions:
  @nedrubwerd: 1 times
  @musicislife2232: 1 times
  @safetyguy1656: 1 times
  @magnumchaos: 1 times
  @OHSBrat30: 1 times
  @bigseaton: 1 times
  @oboroclove: 1 times
  @tonialbn: 1 times
  @MikeChaneyNews: 1 times
aolradio mentions:
  @AOLJazzDJTad: 1 times
  @schiecke: 1 times
  @spins: 1 times
  @AOLClassicalJoe: 1 times
  @AOLRadioMary: 1 times
deanholmes mentions:
  @ChristianGAdams: 1 times
loyalty_advisor mentions:
  @jeremypkent: 1 times
  @LoyaltyAdvisor: 1 times
leon_brown mentions:
  @HarmonyMelody: 1 times
  @karenkarila: 1 times
  @luckybachelor: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @ebayfans: 1 times
  @dianehochman: 1 times
  @NMConsultant: 1 times
  @jballardw: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
davidbtwit mentions:
  @worldofblues: 1 times
  @veganswines: 1 times
  @JamminHorizons: 1 times
  @sctshep: 1 times
  @afreshmusic: 1 times
  @WineExpo: 1 times
  @TheBluesBlogger: 1 times
  @ElementsOfJazz: 1 times
fedzy mentions:
  @codesclouds: 1 times
  @sampollock: 1 times
  @anderson87L: 1 times
  @cocopop0202: 1 times
  @ClacksterM: 1 times
  @ryantinnams: 1 times
  @EleniGregoriou: 1 times
  @cahoopuk: 1 times
  @lanternstalk: 1 times
alicat321 mentions:
  @saphire11: 1 times
  @everythingro: 1 times
  @luveverythingro: 1 times
  @fitnessmagazine: 1 times
bsimple mentions:
  @katekashman: 1 times
  @walletwhiz: 1 times
  @alanschram: 1 times
  @NCN: 1 times
  @GreenPanda: 1 times
  @efolgate: 1 times
  @JimDeSantis: 1 times
  @PenelopePince: 1 times
  @jeffpulver: 1 times
christymarie mentions:
  @NYArtBeat: 1 times
  @wordbrooklyn: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @ParkSlopeGossip: 1 times
davidherrold mentions:
  @aJayBoulder: 1 times
  @hayduke: 1 times
  @redheadwriting: 1 times
  @rickbakas: 1 times
  @bradcrooks: 1 times
  @JeannineCrooks: 1 times
  @gwenbell: 1 times
  @andrewhyde: 1 times
claytastic mentions:
  @DeadpanAlleyRT: 1 times
  @bwphoto: 1 times
  @robinpedrero: 1 times
  @eleart: 1 times
  @collageartist: 1 times
  @kristensteinart: 1 times
  @msholin: 1 times
drdownes mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @TVChatHotline: 1 times
  @gotaris: 1 times
  @ninjamarketer: 1 times
  @AffiliateMarksome: 1 times
andyfrahm mentions:
  @italianmama2: 1 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
  @augieray: 1 times
  @juergentalks: 1 times
  @BlatzLiquor: 1 times
  @solessence: 1 times
brienis mentions:
  @spiderboy2: 1 times
  @gl0bals0j0urner: 1 times
  @mareh: 1 times
  @ellyplaysfaire: 1 times
  @jackimartinez: 1 times
  @alexoropeza: 1 times
  @annamontana: 1 times
  @taperdan: 1 times
rsomers mentions:
  @jimhitch: 1 times
delphrb mentions:
  @bazaarvoice: 1 times
  @delphrb: 1 times
  @kbalhoff: 1 times
  @jeannetwit: 1 times
  @sandycarter: 1 times
  @Inhicho: 1 times
  @dibbeedwards: 1 times
yancyscot mentions:
aslanwrp mentions:
  @Kellye9: 1 times
chrisrhee mentions:
  @vickysecret: 1 times
nortel_globals mentions:
  @CXOtodayAlerts: 1 times
  @TEDchris: 1 times
  @Wipro: 1 times
  @SearchUC: 1 times
tls35 mentions:
  @Afghanistanlast: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
kenaroth mentions:
  @HopHopkins: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @JJReich: 1 times
  @authenticstyle: 1 times
fenifuego mentions:
  @theretrometro: 1 times
lesleychang mentions:
  @cgacanada: 1 times
brceditor mentions:
  @EastTNHistory: 1 times
  @NOCrafting: 1 times
  @BlowingRocknc: 1 times
westonemusic mentions:
  @theafters: 1 times
  @hawknelsonfans: 1 times
  @RelientK: 1 times
  @roughdraftband: 1 times
  @leelandofficial: 1 times
  @thefold: 1 times
  @tenthavenorth: 1 times
  @jarsofclay: 1 times
angiece mentions:
  @sistina: 1 times
eiricbachtiar mentions:
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @silknpearls: 1 times
  @sn0wrose: 1 times
  @thedeeperwell: 1 times
  @tracyedukes: 1 times
  @uneekdolls: 1 times
  @vewe: 1 times
  @willingthrall: 1 times
phantompai mentions:
  @lad: 1 times
leadershipcoach mentions:
  @JKWleadership: 1 times
  @MikeHenrySr: 1 times
  @JDHenry09: 1 times
  @Eaglesflite: 1 times
bronenkant mentions:
  @jasonmitchener: 1 times
  @mitchenerfound: 1 times
tlwhitted mentions:
  @howardcl13: 1 times
katyharrison20 mentions:
  @sdoceans: 1 times
jamieneish mentions:
  @MaximumTheAli: 1 times
  @iamlittleboots: 1 times
  @LWLies: 1 times
  @BDNews: 1 times
  @rossautomatica: 1 times
  @reginaspektor: 1 times
  @airtrafficlive: 1 times
makinitrite mentions:
  @AntoineKhoury: 1 times
drdigipol mentions:
  @IARoundtable: 1 times
  @freerangestudio: 1 times
  @SuzInDC: 1 times
  @larkerachel: 1 times
  @SpiralEyes: 1 times
antheabryan mentions:
  @Hairlicious: 1 times
  @luvdollicia: 1 times
  @ladykingping: 1 times
moduslotus mentions:
  @emilygonsalves: 1 times
  @GummiBean: 1 times
  @nullpoint: 1 times
  @hannahmaru: 1 times
  @happiijenny: 1 times
  @Kajitsu: 1 times
mshavoc mentions:
  @FlaFreakshow: 1 times
  @Gamdel: 1 times
  @IfWeTweetIt: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 2 times
  @rogiddy: 1 times
  @UnemployedBush: 1 times
rentedmule mentions:
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @blackberrypros: 1 times
jnpa mentions:
  @feraropizza: 1 times
  @metromixSTL: 1 times
  @happninSTL: 1 times
  @thecardinals: 1 times
  @STLcardinals: 1 times
sweetlollipop mentions:
  @lauwil243: 1 times
  @jewelzodonnell: 1 times
  @mrslevite: 1 times
  @sweetlollipop: 1 times
  @emmalinebride: 1 times
  @PC2540: 1 times
  @Pookthy: 1 times
  @hmigroupllc: 1 times
  @BeeDazzles: 1 times
sagefrog mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @Fieldsy4Life: 1 times
  @RioDJaneiro: 1 times
  @sagefrog: 1 times
  @owensound: 1 times
  @MajaSmiling: 1 times
mentor2mentor mentions:
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @mentor2mentor: 2 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @teamwinnipe: 1 times
haverholm mentions:
  @BeaucoupKevin: 1 times
  @jensaltmann: 1 times
  @radiomaru: 1 times
nockstar mentions:
  @natalietran: 1 times
solotraveler mentions:
  @MarilynRes: 1 times
  @solotraveler: 1 times
matthew_parente mentions:
  @rsomers: 1 times
  @jimhitch: 1 times
brenelz mentions:
  @Miche77eR: 1 times
sglavan mentions:
  @juliendenoyer: 1 times
  @therachel: 1 times
  @DonCrowther: 1 times
  @Cleopatra789: 1 times
  @rddblog: 1 times
vaforums mentions:
  @SundiMOZ: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @VAForums: 1 times
  @KenaRoth: 1 times
djwallysparks mentions:
  @JenBoogie: 1 times
  @WiltWallace: 1 times
  @DaveHouseOutlaw: 1 times
  @AlLindstrom: 1 times
  @YoungSav: 1 times
  @latinprince: 1 times
  @blazewong: 1 times
jerilewis mentions:
  @BusaBusss: 1 times
aigahr mentions:
  @SFPhotog: 1 times
hemirt5pt7 mentions:
  @abigvictory: 1 times
  @summerjane: 1 times
  @yayaa: 1 times
  @vmarinelli: 1 times
  @yummycupcakes: 1 times
  @ungraceful: 1 times
  @fanEffingTastic: 1 times
paulinehess mentions:
  @reyka666: 1 times
  @notablonde: 1 times
  @johncabrera: 1 times
  @christidrick: 1 times
  @josephlavalley: 1 times
jeudc mentions:
  @mmarkarian: 1 times
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
jordanlavin mentions:
  @petermansbridg: 1 times
  @ETalkBen: 1 times
  @AMroczkowski: 1 times
4tootie mentions:
  @joeygiggles: 1 times
  @4tootie: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @BillTalbert: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @HowlingWoman: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @poetjanetdawson: 1 times
cheada mentions:
  @nicebio: 2 times
  @Gmoney52: 1 times
  @StanChang: 1 times
  @ANGELJACKIE44: 1 times
  @Koolkieran: 1 times
  @GlmmC: 1 times
  @dietcentral: 1 times
  @cheada: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
limconsulting mentions:
  @DKBoy79: 1 times
  @LimConsulting: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
julidesign mentions:
  @t00nfish: 1 times
chrisjohn_e3 mentions:
  @e3Partners: 1 times
  @russrankin: 1 times
  @chrisjohne3: 1 times
  @crittertruax: 1 times
  @caseysee: 1 times
  @mikejorgensen: 1 times
  @HankTechentin: 1 times
gvkrampus mentions:
  @BrentwGraham: 1 times
  @CampusScooters: 1 times
  @UnseeingEyes: 1 times
  @bcfilmmaker: 1 times
  @jonray: 1 times
  @allisonwundrlnd: 1 times
  @JilliAnthemette: 1 times
  @gharman: 1 times
luiz_com_z mentions:
  @marinarama: 1 times
maratom mentions:
  @TomBrenneman: 1 times
  @ltbeyer: 1 times
  @levimorales: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
  @maratom: 1 times
  @eckstatic: 1 times
  @brettkopt: 1 times
  @CWaarum: 1 times
  @SteveWaterhouse: 1 times
  @JoeA: 1 times
felixandjayne mentions:
  @kelderkin: 1 times
  @dirtydishes: 1 times
  @stuffingtonpost: 1 times
  @liveonpurpose: 1 times
  @swaydehead: 1 times
  @caramck: 1 times
  @tashadoestulsa: 1 times
thad76 mentions:
  @ampersandrea: 1 times
  @mzunyque: 1 times
  @digitalgurl: 1 times
  @myrecat82: 1 times
  @ninamorena: 1 times
  @SzFifteens: 1 times
  @summerraine: 1 times
legacy62 mentions:
  @gflores5261: 1 times
  @kellebelle1981: 1 times
ray_marie mentions:
  @RayMarie: 1 times
gavangibson mentions:
  @ajenkins: 1 times
  @jkozuch: 1 times
  @nitchblog: 1 times
  @dariusbashar: 1 times
  @PaigeSaid: 1 times
  @smack416: 1 times
lazon mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
teodoragesheva mentions:
  @rocknrod: 1 times
  @brucepsmith: 1 times
  @laurarasmussen: 1 times
selestina118 mentions:
  @papersalesman: 1 times
  @LyleBennet: 1 times
  @MrMuggles: 1 times
  @SandraBennet: 1 times
  @mrsylar: 1 times
susan259 mentions:
  @thebrainlair: 1 times
  @LisaMantchev: 1 times
  @cindyloveofbook: 1 times
  @abbylibrarian: 1 times
  @thestorysiren: 1 times
  @thebookmaven: 1 times
  @mitaliperkins: 1 times
  @infiniteshelf: 1 times
crowsond mentions:
  @efan78: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
jolieodell mentions:
  @scottradcliff: 1 times
  @7son75: 1 times
thecoolestmutha mentions:
  @NKisses: 1 times
  @rsparkle: 1 times
  @thecoolestmutha: 1 times
  @caitykauffman: 1 times
  @ShaChouu: 1 times
  @jasmineshaniece: 1 times
  @AshDaPrincess: 1 times
  @MissMcClassy: 1 times
epetersonshrm mentions:
  @DiversityIQ: 1 times
  @SDavisSHRM: 1 times
  @SHRMcoo: 1 times
  @diversitywriter: 1 times
  @SHRMPA: 1 times
  @APaniaguaSHRM: 1 times
fozzie_bear mentions:
  @whattha: 1 times
papercakes mentions:
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
heathero mentions:
  @CarolinaMama: 1 times
  @oceanisleinn: 1 times
  @reallifesarah: 1 times
gilcvv mentions:
  @TwitJobSearch: 1 times
artdeal mentions:
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @thefabgiver: 1 times
  @RedPumpProj: 1 times
  @LuvvieIG: 1 times
yaarik mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @SQUAREGIRL: 1 times
fingercuffvids mentions:
  @RaindanceTV: 1 times
debrawruble mentions:
  @nancymorales: 1 times
  @soulpoetrysite: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
coachdanalboyle mentions:
  @TiaSparkles: 1 times
  @CoachIyabo: 1 times
  @GoodVibeCoach: 1 times
  @LoriHamann: 1 times
  @debsoul: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
saulone mentions:
  @THEHAMMERCOMIC: 1 times
  @daveflora: 1 times
cybernetcsi mentions:
  @martiniblue: 1 times
ctoverdrive mentions:
  @undrln: 1 times
angelsforanimal mentions:
  @Worldvets: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @sinkdrink: 1 times
  @2pugmom: 1 times
  @alexasangels: 1 times
  @romeothecat: 1 times
  @smokey8: 1 times
  @flicka47: 1 times
  @HotMBC: 1 times
  @quadpawd: 1 times
  @MaddyBasset: 1 times
  @erlse: 1 times
soaresart mentions:
  @amandadoublin: 1 times
  @labellajewels: 1 times
  @TalentZoo: 1 times
  @PhotoBliss: 1 times
  @angiesloan: 1 times
  @KristinRogers: 1 times
  @rodevans: 1 times
  @KWDaddio: 1 times
  @maloman: 1 times
  @ErinHession: 1 times
turbo_power mentions:
  @trentvanegas: 1 times
  @breakingnews: 1 times
  @britneyspears: 1 times
  @turboPOWER: 1 times
sunsetterrace mentions:
  @ofriday: 1 times
  @Preservationist: 1 times
  @bruisinales: 1 times
  @IHospitalitySam: 1 times
  @AIRasheville: 1 times
  @AshevilleFoodie: 1 times
  @BanquetsGPI: 1 times
  @marlamilling: 1 times
collegeloveent mentions:
  @nAyNuv0: 1 times
  @CollegeLoveEnt: 1 times
ourhubbub mentions:
  @qpt: 1 times
  @PhotoHowTos: 1 times
  @HolidayPhotosEU: 1 times
maryk3lly mentions:
  @jowalshy: 1 times
  @maryk3lly: 1 times
  @NoChrist: 1 times
rebeccakoconnor mentions:
  @bmcameron: 1 times
kerrygreyhounds mentions:
  @oldiesorg: 1 times
qubits_toy mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @DaleWhite: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @TifaniAndCo: 1 times
  @keithgreen06: 1 times
  @aloumesse: 1 times
  @CarlaJean126: 1 times
vikingsvixens mentions:
  @ShifterSexpots: 1 times
  @SookiesStuds: 1 times
  @BillsBelles: 1 times
  @JasonsJewels: 1 times
chatone mentions:
  @Klimeks: 1 times
  @KooshtheKhemist: 1 times
  @DidierBrigante: 1 times
  @Senicadamisfit: 1 times
  @DJDarkfada: 1 times
groovedrm mentions:
  @bandmetrics: 1 times
  @fieldsy4life: 1 times
  @smalps: 1 times
  @khutt: 1 times
  @alisond: 1 times
  @msondak: 1 times
  @adamrosenberg: 1 times
  @dietitianjanel: 1 times
  @jaredsalvatore: 1 times
  @torrez: 1 times
  @sippey: 1 times
focusorganic mentions:
  @rthastar: 1 times
  @choosespun: 1 times
  @ecorazi: 1 times
  @knowwhatnwhere: 1 times
  @EcoChic: 1 times
  @ecogreentravel: 1 times
  @TiagaCompany: 1 times
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @TheEcoist: 1 times
darren_cox mentions:
  @modestobuzz: 1 times
  @DarrenCox: 1 times
  @GalloArtsThank: 1 times
bodiegroup mentions:
  @mattbologna: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @JimSciuttoABC: 1 times
  @mynumberone1988: 1 times
bidlesstravel mentions:
  @LATimestot: 1 times
sakotakanonosue mentions:
  @TheChrisMartin: 1 times
  @mandmachine: 1 times
  @haraya: 1 times
  @KeepWerking: 1 times
  @Pixie101171: 1 times
  @corkyburger: 1 times
  @farabovetheclou: 1 times
  @ipitacio: 1 times
  @exmachina: 1 times
policylink mentions:
  @eldiariony: 1 times
  @policylink: 1 times
  @cssnyorg: 1 times
  @promigrant: 1 times
  @reformanet: 1 times
  @dreamact: 1 times
monkeypunchers mentions:
celebriticat mentions:
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
ldsnana mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @sdalley32: 1 times
  @CityPass: 1 times
  @PackardSonic: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @RoepkePR: 1 times
  @Ju: 1 times
bbenham mentions:
flowrivers mentions:
  @FoxyHotSawce: 1 times
  @TracyeDukes: 1 times
  @FlowRiversTHANKS: 1 times
  @writethevision: 1 times
  @pinwheelgirl: 1 times
  @DvineExpressions: 1 times
mskarma32 mentions:
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
  @MsKarma32: 1 times
rasheedthomas mentions:
mbartloff mentions:
  @howard74: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @agentm: 1 times
  @comcastcares: 1 times
  @foxnews: 1 times
  @jeanettejoy: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @ambercadabra: 1 times
brightmichelle mentions:
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @angellaurel: 1 times
  @JennaAvery: 1 times
  @askangels: 1 times
  @thetahealermaya: 1 times
  @workingmoms: 1 times
tedzfarm mentions:
  @CJHatter: 1 times
wallybock mentions:
  @mattkrantz: 1 times
  @jonesdel: 1 times
jref mentions:
  @krelnik: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
petrofix mentions:
  @dynomi: 1 times
  @OnlyBankingNews: 1 times
  @SplashNews: 1 times
  @TenTalentsLLC: 1 times
  @StockMaster75: 1 times
  @UCBerkeleyHaas: 1 times
mary_mo mentions:
  @JasmineDarkly: 1 times
biltmoreestate mentions:
  @marlamilling: 1 times
  @blueridgedining: 1 times
  @biltmoreestate: 1 times
  @ashevillecp: 1 times
  @mountainx: 1 times
  @asheville: 1 times
  @absolutele: 1 times
mustloveshannon mentions:
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @loveshanay: 1 times
  @shanisereene: 1 times
  @mustloveshannon: 1 times
  @nise21: 1 times
elcarpo mentions:
  @dehachepe: 1 times
  @atilael1: 1 times
kdh0324 mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @360o: 1 times
  @tallsailboats: 1 times
  @kdh0324: 1 times
  @ModelingNet: 1 times
profjonathan mentions:
  @Jonesness: 1 times
campusscooters mentions:
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @kkmaz: 1 times
  @ExecVASolutions: 1 times
  @divefinatic: 1 times
  @CampusScooters: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @constructionlaw: 1 times
  @FZeringue: 1 times
  @GreenSmooch: 1 times
musiccityace mentions:
  @SocialistSqurrl: 1 times
  @ChadTEverson: 1 times
  @ClayOxen: 1 times
  @TheodoreMedia: 1 times
  @GrizzlyFeed: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @JamieTKelly: 1 times
bluepisces001 mentions:
  @johnforyourlife: 1 times
  @hhidMax: 1 times
  @geekswhodrink: 1 times
  @campkeesley: 1 times
  @descalzadiary: 1 times
  @youlookgreat: 1 times
  @wailinglist: 1 times
  @theonion: 1 times
stradablog mentions:
  @thegarageblog: 1 times
  @AutoGuide: 1 times
  @GeorgeS: 1 times
  @michaelbanovsky: 1 times
  @formulaphoto: 1 times
  @markatkinson: 1 times
  @toyotacanada: 1 times
liljoeblue mentions:
  @pennytration: 1 times
leeodden mentions:
  @beebow: 1 times
  @leeodden: 1 times
  @graywolf: 1 times
  @Szetela: 1 times
  @rustybrick: 1 times
  @dannysullivan@aimclear: 1 times
  @clydeboom: 1 times
lnell mentions:
  @HeikeKoschyk: 1 times
  @cuxdu: 1 times
twistedrocks mentions:
  @kellypocket: 1 times
  @monetkittrell: 1 times
fzeringue mentions:
  @fitbet: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @GoodFibers: 1 times
  @sillycows: 1 times
  @23Kazoos: 1 times
  @BarryCurcio: 1 times
christinahills mentions:
  @PatLorna: 1 times
  @AlexMandossian: 1 times
  @JeffHerring: 1 times
  @ChristinaHills: 1 times
  @MaritzaParra: 1 times
  @VideoGuy: 1 times
junction10 mentions:
  @lylebignon: 1 times
  @paulflower: 1 times
nivenarchitects mentions:
  @theospark: 1 times
  @SuButcher: 1 times
tatiana_k mentions:
  @cyberprvideo: 1 times
  @DPROS: 1 times
  @OriginalNajeema: 1 times
  @iampritty: 1 times
  @alicewonder: 1 times
  @UnoDosTrice: 1 times
  @TheMadModel: 1 times
  @dcfab: 1 times
  @symfonkiz: 1 times
fleetstars mentions:
ohio_tea_party mentions:
  @Daggy1: 1 times
billboorman mentions:
  @braingain: 1 times
martha_young mentions:
  @NancyCawleyJean: 1 times
digitalatlanta mentions:
  @andrewdudum: 1 times
  @DigitalAtlanta: 1 times
  @wHammes: 1 times
  @GabrielleWhite: 1 times
  @EdWorksAcademy: 1 times
  @edufire: 1 times
  @adrielhampton: 1 times
  @KyNamDoan: 1 times
misterjames mentions:
  @CCSeed: 1 times
dashiusclay mentions:
  @napps126: 1 times
  @dashiusclay: 1 times
ericamarieb mentions:
  @bougiebee: 1 times
  @EricaMarieB: 1 times
  @tonicke: 1 times
  @Veronica1023: 1 times
  @MassDuece1Fever: 1 times
  @JayReckless617: 1 times
  @inmyennui: 1 times
  @benninghofflaw: 1 times
togetheruk mentions:
  @Abougu: 1 times
  @rachelbeer: 1 times
  @grahamrichards: 1 times
  @chameleonross: 1 times
  @davebriggs: 1 times
  @dogstrust: 1 times
eliseblackwell mentions:
  @bookavore: 1 times
  @corpuslibris: 1 times
  @kashbk: 1 times
  @RichRennicks: 1 times
  @WendyHudson: 1 times
jennpozner mentions:
  @thenation: 1 times
  @jennpozner: 1 times
  @cyn3matic: 1 times
  @attackerman: 1 times
  @ACLU: 1 times
  @glenngreenwald: 1 times
charliekrause mentions:
  @Constitutiongrl: 1 times
  @C4liberty: 1 times
philontilt mentions:
  @danaheng74: 1 times
theplanetd mentions:
  @smittytabb: 1 times
msingridb mentions:
  @napps126: 1 times
  @MsIngridB: 1 times
brenda_haines mentions:
  @tombuchheim: 1 times
jeremypkent mentions:
  @deejackson: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
artistanika mentions:
  @ResultZzs: 1 times
  @Britztwit: 1 times
  @ThatActress: 1 times
  @Vanashke001: 1 times
  @KidsBuzz: 1 times
  @SimplyArtNews: 1 times
  @artbynemo: 1 times
  @inarts: 1 times
  @BlickArt: 1 times
  @Utrechtart: 1 times
patchwalker mentions:
photojack mentions:
  @imrphoto: 1 times
  @michaelzelbel: 1 times
  @applemacgeek: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
raphasirva mentions:
jwatts mentions:
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @SissyWillis: 1 times
  @bgiguy: 1 times
  @RonBme: 1 times
  @Nardo58: 1 times
  @OneVeritas: 1 times
  @hplar220: 1 times
  @AmyJaneAdams: 1 times
  @NMJune: 1 times
  @KellyKid: 1 times
  @lethebashar: 1 times
ammbar mentions:
  @iamfran: 1 times
  @chamuyo: 1 times
  @levante: 1 times
  @minitas: 1 times
  @chongo: 1 times
  @bolicheo: 1 times
  @saledm: 1 times
  @agregamequeteparto: 1 times
  @nadiesedacuenta: 1 times
jazzrochester mentions:
  @XRIJF: 1 times
john_yeo mentions:
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @LonNaylor: 1 times
  @MichealSavoie: 1 times
  @pegbaron: 1 times
  @RachelRofe: 1 times
  @johnyeo: 1 times
  @SeanAMcAlister: 1 times
  @jayxtreme: 1 times
roblongert mentions:
  @JessSlevin: 1 times
msjammie mentions:
  @TunnelVision2: 1 times
dumbassity mentions:
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @SteveBeren: 1 times
  @DoGoodThings: 1 times
greatgrapes mentions:
  @WeekendWino: 1 times
albertpak mentions:
fvrythingpr mentions:
  @gingercm: 1 times
  @alexanderlaskin: 1 times
  @amberhutchins: 1 times
  @cahickerson: 1 times
myfancyprincess mentions:
  @hairboutique: 1 times
  @httpzzgd43d9f1: 1 times
kizdaboss mentions:
  @jololouie311: 1 times
  @itsartic: 1 times
  @KizDaBoss: 1 times
  @djleemajors: 1 times
  @onyxgod777: 1 times
  @HipHopPopAndRnB: 1 times
darfinc mentions:
  @petsaretalking: 1 times
bdunc1 mentions:
  @christianjava: 1 times
  @MackCollier: 1 times
ryan_peck mentions:
  @GoMocs: 1 times
jensmccabe mentions:
  @HealthBizBlog: 1 times
  @ePatientDave: 1 times
  @ahcancal: 1 times
wisdomwideopen mentions:
  @SueInge: 1 times
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
  @paulapoundstone: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
jerrycornelius mentions:
  @spamfromjapan: 1 times
nayira mentions:
  @annshoket: 1 times
  @ASOSChloe: 1 times
  @ASOSEfe: 1 times
  @fluffyhoneybee: 1 times
  @JohnnyIkon: 1 times
  @libyan: 1 times
  @YourStylist: 1 times
  @trashychic: 1 times
  @rzrachelzoe: 1 times
  @flipfinger: 1 times
silvanaperon mentions:
  @alvago: 1 times
sdentrepreneur mentions:
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @sdentrepreneur: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @tedbradford2: 1 times
  @PJIII: 1 times
  @fisherofmen: 1 times
  @cynthiaherndouglasi: 1 times
merlin333 mentions:
  @JustinKownack: 1 times
  @LauraH108: 1 times
  @spillsmusic: 1 times
  @corinne1952: 1 times
  @GrandmaSheila: 1 times
  @Ladywolf55: 1 times
ianklassen mentions:
  @djinfernolv: 1 times
  @vegasbill: 1 times
  @24k: 1 times
  @CirqueLasVegas: 1 times
  @vegaswill: 1 times
  @vegasgeek: 1 times
  @ManyaS: 1 times
  @buddingwino: 1 times
  @migpascua: 1 times
storliedawg mentions:
  @RealKidPoker: 1 times
  @howardhlederer: 1 times
  @kevinthoule: 1 times
  @lorskyfink: 1 times
gamer_chris mentions:
  @mgstern: 1 times
  @submarinemonk: 1 times
  @scribl: 1 times
  @gbutton: 1 times
  @airdom: 1 times
  @keadin: 1 times
  @huynguyen: 1 times
  @exxy: 1 times
esquareda mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @devongovett: 1 times
theloon mentions:
  @timjblair: 1 times
  @usmc81: 1 times
  @paojohn: 1 times
  @HispanicConserv: 1 times
  @escalon2005: 1 times
  @RyanEricksontcotgtgtgt: 1 times
ericblumthal mentions:
  @paulmccord: 1 times
  @mikeschultz: 1 times
  @wendyweiss: 1 times
  @ArtSobczak: 1 times
  @ardath421: 1 times
  @davidabrock: 1 times
  @doclampton: 1 times
megabright mentions:
  @willblogforfood: 1 times
zparcell mentions:
  @KeithTrivitt: 1 times
jcross719 mentions:
  @FUNFUNFUNFest: 1 times
darrylrmsg mentions:
  @zunaid: 1 times
melodylealamb mentions:
  @SheltieHollow: 1 times
dantetherapper mentions:
  @bjfindley1: 1 times
habitatali mentions:
  @habitatlac: 1 times
xequals mentions:
chinese_laundry mentions:
  @ColleenKaselI: 1 times
  @ChineseLaundry: 1 times
starkissed mentions:
  @flipsideup: 1 times
  @ElleRocker: 1 times
  @redkicks: 1 times
  @korearian: 1 times
  @LettyA: 1 times
  @roxtarrr: 1 times
  @enjoyyourbunny: 1 times
  @Geraldy: 1 times
  @JerryShaw: 1 times
  @starkissed: 1 times
jpgdesign mentions:
  @MSLILAK: 1 times
  @ElizCarling: 1 times
  @MissBarry: 1 times
  @KatHumbleTGIF: 1 times
jeriwb mentions:
  @zparcell: 1 times
  @sueannesjewelry: 1 times
  @madwilliamflint: 1 times
imparo mentions:
  @Hules: 1 times
  @lyndasteele: 1 times
  @debraward: 1 times
mrdotceo mentions:
  @LyricalLala7: 2 times
  @MiSsWeTwEt2033: 2 times
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @phylicia2214: 1 times
  @ItsroXXX: 1 times
theecalling mentions:
  @michaelbathurst: 2 times
  @fbseo: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @DianeKMiller: 1 times
  @Wolfrum: 1 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
krazikrone mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @sexyJudah325: 1 times
  @CocosButter: 1 times
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @followgreat20: 1 times
jmarie1074 mentions:
  @lulumaia: 1 times
eastd mentions:
  @dnajd: 1 times
  @joywilder: 1 times
  @eastd: 1 times
  @glorialynnglass: 1 times
  @authorlaurasaba: 1 times
  @HlthyHomNiagara: 1 times
  @HowlingWoman: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
brookelogan09 mentions:
  @Nominated: 1 times
  @BrookeLogan09: 1 times
ladybee2009 mentions:
  @Battleborne: 1 times
  @jarrettstevens: 1 times
  @kshambl: 1 times
  @jlcurtis3: 1 times
  @Gen4Truth: 1 times
  @terracecrawfordRT: 1 times
  @PhilStratton: 1 times
  @ItsJulieChapman: 1 times
  @GingerEatman: 1 times
pauloquerido mentions:
  @AscensoSimoes: 1 times
  @czorrinho: 1 times
joey_smith mentions:
  @GingerEatman: 1 times
  @laurastarling: 1 times
  @CrazyMoneyLady: 1 times
  @SandySanders: 1 times
  @TapJim: 1 times
  @BrianSingleton: 1 times
  @TomDawson: 1 times
bluepixeldesign mentions:
  @jenniferbourn: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
croweiv mentions:
  @playarabbit: 1 times
  @SupaStarCity: 1 times
  @ontherecordmag: 1 times
  @DJCKaas: 1 times
  @MRCOMMODORE: 1 times
  @Imtrulyblessed: 1 times
  @realadulttalk: 1 times
  @willhuff2016: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
ruunknown mentions:
  @TroyStith: 1 times
diamond_lyfe mentions:
  @DiamondLyfe: 4 times
earthfire mentions:
  @RuthLess1: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @Sydney584: 1 times
newlifecharity mentions:
  @newlifecharity: 1 times
leddy2286 mentions:
  @alcoholiccheese: 1 times
  @jatty07: 1 times
ludovicah mentions:
  @kellyoxford: 1 times
  @steveagee: 1 times
tonynewquay mentions:
  @ArsenalSarah: 1 times
  @Tonynewquay: 1 times
shaf mentions:
  @deanwhitbread: 1 times
takethefamily mentions:
  @TravelsWithTwo: 1 times
  @gowithapurpose: 1 times
  @EliteTravelGal: 1 times
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @SpotCoolStuff: 1 times
  @journeyPod: 1 times
grayribbongala mentions:
  @TFSMe: 1 times
  @DanielNations: 1 times
  @AlabamaByrd: 1 times
  @VapidDroid: 1 times
  @essjam: 1 times
  @BooneWallbeds: 1 times
  @TMWashington: 1 times
  @GrayRibbonGala: 1 times
therealdjames mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 2 times
  @PrKid: 1 times
  @jnicefanclub: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @DJShakespeare: 1 times
  @TheRealDJames: 1 times
heatherjstrout mentions:
  @pbrannigan: 1 times
gluben mentions:
  @stephenfry: 1 times
gregwhitworth mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @ToddKlassy: 1 times
  @cssanswers: 1 times
  @cssglobe: 1 times
  @diggtechnews: 1 times
  @mozillanews: 1 times
pureaveda mentions:
  @DCShoeDiva: 1 times
gustaf09 mentions:
  @stevesjc: 1 times
valueintowords mentions:
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @JobHuntOrg: 1 times
repodellipod mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @MandaBeth: 1 times
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @OhSoSexy730Thanx: 1 times
stlouismademe mentions:
  @stlouismademe: 1 times
  @Jimmiesanders: 1 times
  @ShanaraRenee: 1 times
  @ATLhustlers: 1 times
  @FlaHustlers: 1 times
  @DivasMistress: 1 times
  @BFreshClothing: 1 times
mckayzoo mentions:
  @rjgeyer: 1 times
  @MsKarma32: 1 times
  @QueenPenelope: 1 times
  @onesmarmymama: 1 times
  @elpie: 1 times
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
  @mckayzoo: 1 times
  @vavroom: 1 times
  @godski: 1 times
greatfitness mentions:
  @RitchardFewell: 1 times
  @Chriscarroll50: 1 times
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @JillieKathleen: 1 times
  @gchance: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
12c4 mentions:
  @sswayze: 1 times
twonkism mentions:
  @nansen: 1 times
  @micah: 1 times
  @myklroventine: 1 times
homedigz mentions:
  @hopfoot: 1 times
  @homedigz: 1 times
wolfie75 mentions:
  @CirensJewels: 1 times
  @makingjewellery: 1 times
  @lejjewellery: 1 times
  @RubySpirit: 1 times
  @anaesther: 1 times
  @LadyTwitster: 1 times
  @sharonmurray: 1 times
  @CJCUK: 1 times
  @MarieC09: 1 times
  @wel: 1 times
barbdelollis mentions:
  @amybp: 1 times
  @DoubletreeSNADC: 1 times
mcgillu mentions:
  @mayagrazia: 1 times
  @thebanffcentre: 1 times
auburnjones mentions:
  @TreseyB: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
dharma_smokie mentions:
  @LOSTWFTB: 1 times
  @LostDeeJay: 1 times
  @bejaedblost: 1 times
  @MathiiasCAT: 1 times
  @kristinmadeja: 1 times
  @aliasgirl18: 1 times
  @crackpotjack: 1 times
samsonmusic mentions:
  @ForestCityLovrs: 1 times
  @sheyoshida: 1 times
  @kelprecords: 1 times
  @openhouselondon: 1 times
  @paperlions: 1 times
  @ThursdayBlend: 1 times
  @themusicslut: 1 times
  @SingingLamb: 1 times
melodyinflorida mentions:
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @maxwellvintage: 1 times
  @SerendipityJane: 1 times
  @angelateeple: 1 times
  @MelodyInFlorida: 1 times
  @davor: 1 times
mum_of_six mentions:
  @Pensm: 1 times
  @Quillers: 1 times
liberalchik mentions:
  @bradybonk: 1 times
  @liberalchik: 1 times
mariarenee mentions:
  @pointforwardpro: 1 times
  @MariaRenee: 1 times
techtockblog mentions:
  @AdoramaPix: 1 times
  @AdoramaCamera: 1 times
  @AdoramaUsed: 1 times
  @adoramalearn: 1 times
  @techtockblog: 1 times
  @jeffreypix: 1 times
cyclin mentions:
  @bobinator: 1 times
1230jackie mentions:
  @coscomputing: 1 times
  @nikkipilkington: 1 times
  @LeighQuantrill: 1 times
t_yes mentions:
  @Elfindelmundo: 1 times
designfreebies mentions:
  @cardobserver: 1 times
  @ComputerArts: 1 times
  @patterntap: 1 times
  @theprodesigner: 1 times
betterislittle mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
  @shannonrosa: 1 times
lemonton mentions:
  @ViralExistence: 1 times
  @danielspengies: 1 times
  @executive321: 1 times
  @Pattytdb: 1 times
  @LisaToddSutton: 1 times
ppdiva mentions:
  @rachaelcoe: 1 times
  @Mami2Mommy: 1 times
  @RantRaveRoll: 1 times
  @PainterMommy: 1 times
  @SugarJones: 1 times
  @stickysweetmom: 1 times
wandasanchez mentions:
  @MFLOWERS1965: 1 times
  @ReformedLiving: 1 times
  @hookedonhouses: 1 times
  @SarahRobinson: 1 times
  @lawrencewilson: 1 times
  @BibleBuzz: 1 times
  @maurilio: 1 times
  @mdemuth: 1 times
  @shmoozanne74: 1 times
maricrisg mentions:
  @GuaranteedGF: 1 times
  @ChristiS: 1 times
  @dalefg: 1 times
dashhouse mentions:
  @tsbailey: 1 times
farmboyfineart mentions:
  @Kimpton: 1 times
  @KidrobotRules: 1 times
  @generatorx: 1 times
  @Booooooom: 1 times
  @designmilk: 1 times
painnp mentions:
  @lovelovelove87: 1 times
writerskitchen mentions:
  @EpicureanJourny: 1 times
  @MarieLancup: 1 times
dogsmycopilot mentions:
  @Gooddogz: 1 times
  @headtotail: 1 times
  @workthatdog: 1 times
  @smartdogu: 1 times
  @CaplinROUS: 1 times
  @fuzzypigz: 1 times
  @HappyDoodleDog: 1 times
  @YodatheDog: 1 times
  @JohannTheDog: 1 times
conquestsec mentions:
bleumuze mentions:
  @wfxtoday: 1 times
  @BanFinning: 1 times
  @KarenMaunuLWB: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @SarahRobinson: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @DerrexBrady: 1 times
  @gopal: 1 times
ivi_yas mentions:
  @bolosurf: 1 times
  @VickyDu: 1 times
  @mktrob: 1 times
  @lhchavez: 1 times
  @davidlh: 1 times
  @remyvv: 1 times
danberlinka mentions:
  @RaindanceTV: 1 times
michelle_cc mentions:
  @lindsaywaits: 1 times
annthewriter mentions:
  @kriheli: 1 times
  @Trypnotik: 1 times
jonnygoldstein mentions:
  @franknaif: 1 times
krisbordessa mentions:
  @DaraChadwick: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
  @KimDushinski: 1 times
  @laurenware: 1 times
  @live2learn: 1 times
  @TravelPRgirl: 1 times
alexgzz mentions:
  @carlosaguilar: 1 times
cheesmo mentions:
  @OKCCasey: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @DirtyBird4life: 1 times
  @JetGirlArt: 1 times
  @benwesterman: 1 times
  @candychandler: 1 times
  @recipecard: 1 times
  @KermitRocks: 1 times
  @slmoore: 1 times
  @motylman: 1 times
tdhse mentions:
  @hammarstrand: 1 times
  @stroemberg: 1 times
  @andersolofsson: 1 times
  @skrufve: 1 times
  @ennazus: 1 times
blackiec420 mentions:
  @NowGamerDan: 1 times
  @Bezmerelda: 1 times
  @cameroons: 1 times
  @Banebot: 1 times
  @strybe: 1 times
  @guycocker: 1 times
  @metalhaze: 1 times
  @blackiec420: 1 times
  @ryokea: 1 times
colinq mentions:
  @androidcentral: 1 times
  @theiphoneblog: 1 times
  @treocentra: 1 times
nictinworth mentions:
  @thinkmotive: 1 times
  @myshiren: 1 times
  @welshstew: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @adalinelau: 1 times
txhellokitty mentions:
  @iwearyourshirt: 1 times
  @joshuaarnao: 1 times
  @superduperjes: 1 times
  @EvanD22: 1 times
  @zipperfish: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
  @TheDireWolf: 1 times
  @TheDiva: 1 times
  @kiddkraddick: 1 times
franzfilzmoser mentions:
  @hopfoot: 1 times
  @tkpleslie: 1 times
ellemichpr mentions:
  @RosewoodApps: 1 times
  @dynamicmomcom: 1 times
  @bathsavvy: 1 times
mybluevan mentions:
  @mailorderandy: 1 times
twilightearth mentions:
  @FollowNathan: 1 times
hannahkeeley mentions:
  @aimeeva: 1 times
  @PeeWeeArnold: 1 times
  @NameYourTuneCDs: 1 times
  @natestevens: 1 times
  @gogogavigan: 1 times
sarahburningham mentions:
  @susan259: 1 times
  @cindyloveofbook: 1 times
  @mawbooks: 1 times
  @cfulcher: 1 times
  @kamigarcia: 1 times
  @mstohl: 1 times
  @mint910: 1 times
  @mjmbecky: 1 times
  @MaryAnnScheuer: 1 times
  @mosylu: 1 times
daveybarnett mentions:
  @MartinGBEdwards: 1 times
cooper_pug mentions:
  @BusterBrown: 1 times
  @jaypug: 1 times
  @BayChildcare: 1 times
  @pugzie: 1 times
  @maximuspug: 1 times
  @KabukiPugSays: 1 times
  @rockytheboston: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
dideep mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @ericherman: 1 times
  @TusharShetty: 1 times
  @blogginghannah: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @sham: 1 times
roguenation mentions:
  @nsicanada: 1 times
  @elanlee: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @Tetro: 1 times
adamdolhanyk mentions:
  @mattlowe101: 1 times
  @ericarosemurray: 1 times
storymaker mentions:
  @breitenbach: 1 times
  @nadiaz: 1 times
  @csommer: 1 times
  @tdefren: 1 times
  @wired: 1 times
  @utensilie: 1 times
  @zeeing: 1 times
  @machtpr: 1 times
  @cisionDE: 1 times
  @coachingblogger: 1 times
ceslsu mentions:
  @somethingfishie: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
hrhnikkiawesome mentions:
cartopsigns mentions:
  @syafiza: 1 times
  @VENKSH: 1 times
  @rmilana: 1 times
  @rehnatu: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @Sn0wrose: 1 times
  @hakris: 1 times
  @Ramkarthik: 1 times
  @dharshana: 1 times
  @vewe: 1 times
  @my: 1 times
sunnysolveig mentions:
  @ALECKSU: 1 times
nexeus mentions:
  @bcuban: 1 times
360i mentions:
  @jeffpulver: 1 times
  @gregory: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @r2rothenberg: 1 times
  @jowyang: 1 times
kwanawrites mentions:
  @limecello: 1 times
  @MissMarty49: 1 times
  @ChristinaArbini: 1 times
  @LizaPalmer: 1 times
  @nanna95: 1 times
  @MrsCnC: 1 times
  @megancrane: 1 times
gemparenting mentions:
  @12c4: 1 times
  @sswayze: 1 times
eeyorehrl mentions:
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @SweetSue: 1 times
  @yourboot: 1 times
  @chiefcatalyst: 1 times
  @chiefhotmomma: 1 times
marinceo mentions:
  @jjuliandesigns: 1 times
  @connietebyani: 1 times
  @coachdeb: 1 times
  @jenniferbalest: 1 times
  @madissonmarin: 1 times
  @caronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @creativehome: 1 times
  @starrmiller: 1 times
sumkindawndrful mentions:
  @squidpodLovely: 1 times
  @Dawnesaurus: 1 times
  @drkiki: 1 times
  @sarahlane: 1 times
  @superblue: 1 times
  @ProseWarrior: 1 times
  @rebeccawatson: 1 times
  @CMoz: 1 times
  @SumKindaWndrful: 1 times
enzosofficial mentions:
  @oprahspinfrey: 1 times
  @enzosofficial: 1 times
  @betseyj: 1 times
  @oneangrytoast: 1 times
  @witnes: 1 times
  @larrydavid: 1 times
bobdiercksmeier mentions:
  @mulka: 1 times
  @bobdiercksmeier: 1 times
meredithfenwick mentions:
tumblemoose mentions:
  @ClaireHammond: 1 times
cressycat mentions:
  @Drevilll: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @AmaLama: 2 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @MaddyBasset: 1 times
  @Worldvets: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @TalkPets: 1 times
shoostore mentions:
  @emnorm: 1 times
  @shoostore: 1 times
northsandiego mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @MeanderingMuse: 1 times
  @NorthSanDiego: 1 times
  @buildwealthdan: 1 times
  @lrose95132: 1 times
andreaszutenbac mentions:
  @tracysinclair: 1 times
  @CompassX: 1 times
  @candidwines: 1 times
  @TasteNationChi: 1 times
  @andreaszutenbac: 1 times
  @CreativeGal: 1 times
monkey_cat mentions:
raelinn_wine mentions:
  @kmurph: 1 times
theradsnowgirl mentions:
  @vejaynine: 1 times
  @maxkerning: 1 times
jfsx mentions:
  @hiabowman: 1 times
  @xnigtvgnlyer: 1 times
  @spam: 1 times
humancompiler mentions:
  @mikehole: 1 times
  @HumanCompiler: 1 times
jonzlady mentions:
  @MrNetty: 1 times
  @jonzlady: 1 times
  @MyRuralProperty: 1 times
  @ivitv: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @chrismatthieu: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @KathyJohnson: 1 times
  @AppleInvestor: 1 times
_k_money_ mentions:
  @thisisTxF: 1 times
  @Stacee80: 1 times
  @KMoney: 1 times
  @dopegirlPHresh: 1 times
  @Audnumber: 1 times
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @kismet1990: 1 times
snookss mentions:
  @bradmantv: 1 times
  @marleematlin: 1 times
cameronmstewart mentions:
  @Perazza: 2 times
  @mollycrabapple: 1 times
  @kwanzer: 1 times
  @KevinColden: 1 times
b_harper1 mentions:
  @jeffbassell: 1 times
  @TheKingDude: 1 times
  @winmair: 1 times
  @bharper1: 1 times
  @conservatweet: 1 times
  @conservaTim: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @RedState: 1 times
  @poliright: 1 times
  @tahDeetz: 1 times
whereivebeen mentions:
  @kymri: 1 times
whenwecollide mentions:
  @juliedeborah: 1 times
  @whenwecollide: 1 times
  @Bampi: 1 times
  @andrewsnaith: 1 times
  @samchannah: 1 times
celebritizeyou mentions:
  @ihbsonlinecom: 1 times
  @rednett: 1 times
  @bscopes: 1 times
  @robinbondhus: 1 times
  @GrayRinehart: 1 times
tofufairy mentions:
  @focusorganic: 1 times
kwquickchic mentions:
  @DCShoeDiva: 1 times
  @oldfashiongirl: 1 times
  @chartreu: 1 times
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @BrentLauren: 1 times
alexroots mentions:
  @vanzii: 1 times
dcshoediva mentions:
  @LUXAHOLICS: 1 times
  @shoppingscardio: 1 times
  @purseblog: 1 times
  @buttercupD@FashionGrail: 1 times
  @LoveMaegan: 1 times
  @InstylePrincess@Andredesignz: 1 times
jwhelan mentions:
davidgallaher mentions:
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
mamaanna mentions:
  @barefootdoula: 1 times
  @nicoladoula: 1 times
  @doulamonkey: 1 times
  @lucinadoula: 1 times
  @Doulamama: 1 times
  @DoulaGuide: 1 times
eylerwerve mentions:
  @globalintegrity: 1 times
  @cmultimedia: 1 times
  @chiwama: 1 times
  @bfund: 1 times
megancurryjdllm mentions:
  @dgvelaw: 1 times
  @SarahKahl: 1 times
  @MeganCurryJDLLM: 1 times
lafondaforever mentions:
  @NeoplasmSix: 1 times
  @adamjwalsh: 1 times
  @RollingStones: 1 times
  @Lafondaforever: 1 times
flafreakshow mentions:
  @thebrassbunny: 1 times
  @KimRausch: 1 times
  @travelPCB: 1 times
  @StevensBRM: 1 times
  @Clifdesmond: 1 times
  @tycho1010: 1 times
  @PinchersBonita: 1 times
  @EliotGarciaJR: 1 times
kevinbrooks mentions:
  @seanwilk: 1 times
  @ariellebw: 1 times
  @migdesigner: 1 times
  @stevedarnley: 1 times
  @alexsteed: 1 times
  @nykigreene: 1 times
  @ballofpopcultur: 1 times
  @UMSingah: 1 times
paceygorilla mentions:
  @dannimclander: 1 times
  @Glasgowlassy: 1 times
  @Helenb: 1 times
  @justamoochin: 1 times
  @Karen230683: 1 times
  @MumofSix: 1 times
  @VioletsCRUK: 1 times
  @sandy195850: 1 times
  @NOTGIJANE: 1 times
twittor_groups mentions:
  @wdonohue: 1 times
wordmarvin mentions:
  @armymom101: 1 times
  @paulock: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @wingnut71: 1 times
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
  @MaryAnnSAG: 1 times
bwallymotley mentions:
  @QuantumPhonic: 1 times
  @unit101: 1 times
  @fredinchina: 1 times
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
  @lilsis1957: 1 times
  @BWallyMotley: 1 times
  @birdynum: 1 times
msegers mentions:
  @ElspethMurray: 1 times
  @AlaskaMoose: 1 times
  @AZCactus: 1 times
  @noveloflife: 1 times
  @propellerhead2: 1 times
ianglang mentions:
  @KrisColvin: 1 times
hijadecano mentions:
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @shanajackson: 1 times
  @mscanucme: 1 times
  @hijadecano: 1 times
  @EUGENALEE: 1 times
normalinda66 mentions:
  @Katyperry: 1 times
angelique79 mentions:
  @MBCblkHeart: 1 times
  @KelzAKARealTalk: 1 times
  @Holla: 1 times
  @DaniCharming: 1 times
  @SwtAddiction09: 1 times
  @aBeautifulMind: 1 times
  @LadyJFemme@vivalapeeloff: 1 times
  @AsiaMonae: 1 times
brandiford mentions:
  @breacola: 1 times
inkgyrl mentions:
  @iNkGyRl: 1 times
  @reealitytweets: 1 times
  @vh1realityshows: 1 times
aubreyleigh mentions:
  @Bizarrobamawhen: 1 times
  @GoSuperego: 1 times
problema mentions:
  @xemac: 1 times
mangemonblog mentions:
  @zebrebleu: 1 times
  @josiebeaupre: 1 times
  @ALachance: 1 times
  @goodmoodmaam: 1 times
  @eliB: 1 times
  @surlebalcon: 1 times
  @nancam: 1 times
  @veroniquemartel: 1 times
  @EmilieJolie: 1 times
  @cindyrivard: 1 times
italianwinelovr mentions:
sikorot mentions:
  @grouchypuppy: 1 times
  @DaisyDarlin: 1 times
  @ChaChaChula: 1 times
  @BarkTalk: 1 times
  @dogdishstore: 1 times
brunowithlasers mentions:
  @revistamad: 1 times
  @BrunoSwell: 1 times
  @subversiva: 1 times
  @mionzera: 1 times
  @noscomunicacao: 1 times
  @hudsonlives: 1 times
  @chmkt: 1 times
  @renatobacon: 1 times
  @ocio2007: 1 times
  @barbrahma: 1 times
  @alefrata: 1 times
iiacovou mentions:
  @moreniches: 1 times
  @iiacovou: 2 times
  @Rawrrgasmic: 1 times
exnavypilot mentions:
  @quotesource: 1 times
  @hmndhppy: 1 times
  @firstpagepro: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
ryanfingawesome mentions:
  @mrw: 1 times
bostonbibliophl mentions:
  @MrsCnC: 1 times
aiaarizona mentions:
  @alliemcbell: 1 times
  @les733: 1 times
  @kontaktmag: 1 times
rfaloona mentions:
  @darlyd: 1 times
  @lexaboo: 1 times
  @ep31: 1 times
  @livitluvit: 1 times
  @itstopcat: 1 times
  @lenkendall: 1 times
  @Jonfavreau: 1 times
  @johnnyb182: 1 times
  @nickuya: 1 times
  @helendo: 1 times
  @magpi314: 1 times
  @lilly62: 1 times
pikestaff mentions:
  @Arrens: 1 times
  @krizzlybear: 1 times
  @dhollinger: 1 times
shockstocks mentions:
  @bigmovingstock: 1 times
  @smartprofits: 1 times
  @wizzwatch: 1 times
  @earthtimesPR: 1 times
  @breakoutstocks: 1 times
  @astorbucks: 1 times
  @stockaddict: 1 times
josh_hunt mentions:
  @veloura: 1 times
jkocurek mentions:
  @STLconciergeguy: 1 times
  @AMSSLE: 1 times
  @ktlee317: 1 times
  @versadave: 1 times
robsessiondotca mentions:
  @kcassady36: 1 times
  @letter2twilight: 1 times
  @KalebNation: 1 times
  @RobPattzNews: 1 times
  @JustAGirl: 1 times
  @TooFarGone: 1 times
  @Late2ThePartee: 1 times
jdugarte mentions:
  @sniffyjenkins: 1 times
  @evehorizon: 1 times
  @Jessabelle2o7: 1 times
linktrustclj mentions:
  @linktrust: 1 times
  @linktrustbret: 1 times
  @linktrustjeremy: 1 times
  @linktrustmindy: 1 times
apothecaryjeri mentions:
  @BuySellDomains: 1 times
  @AlVinKoay: 1 times
antoinettesykes mentions:
  @TheRomanceCoach: 1 times
  @SherryFetzer: 1 times
  @AntoinetteSykes: 1 times
  @MarieForleo: 1 times
  @DeenaDouglas: 1 times
ms_april_babay mentions:
  @lyriclprovidr: 2 times
  @FuTuRiStIcNicki: 1 times
  @keshiaford: 1 times
  @JaywoodDC: 1 times
  @iCandy1986: 1 times
  @MsAprilBabay: 1 times
  @jproduction: 1 times
  @youngt22: 1 times
joeworkman mentions:
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
  @DickRosen: 1 times
  @DrewMeyers: 1 times
  @entrepreneurHI: 1 times
  @JayLeanRE: 1 times
  @PHxREguy: 1 times
  @RealEstateZebra: 1 times
candy156sweet mentions:
  @tonyar: 1 times
  @nickilms: 1 times
  @vesula: 1 times
  @cleonjames: 1 times
  @iamchrismann: 1 times
yourtango mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
1basil1 mentions:
  @platorebel: 1 times
rocktographer mentions:
  @shadyadie: 1 times
  @pamrleader: 1 times
  @ThisisDavina: 1 times
severusssnape mentions:
  @SuaveSerpens: 1 times
marebiddle mentions:
  @DaveCharest: 1 times
carepath mentions:
  @daccarte: 1 times
  @caregiving: 1 times
  @steveeldercare: 1 times
stephanie9683 mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 2 times
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @ispear: 1 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @lyricessence: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
justintravis mentions:
  @CLCmusic: 1 times
bodywisdominc mentions:
  @MARCOME: 1 times
bethandersonesq mentions:
  @timhurson: 1 times
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @ShowerThinker: 1 times
wheredidjengo mentions:
  @nessalh: 1 times
  @jayv: 1 times
  @whatacatchlizzy: 1 times
  @newageamazon: 1 times
  @xlakeeffectkid: 1 times
  @potatoon: 1 times
  @fadedmoon: 1 times
  @laurasaurusrexx: 1 times
tf5_bassist mentions:
  @cuphoto: 1 times
  @zarias: 1 times
  @sierrafriend: 1 times
  @tofu916: 1 times
  @ronnieledesma: 1 times
  @kelli: 1 times
  @htkpeeps: 1 times
  @spiralsoap: 1 times
  @jackconte: 1 times
  @successfool: 1 times
  @christyxcore: 1 times
paullebars mentions:
  @br1xt0n: 2 times
  @Paullebars: 1 times
  @frazzel: 1 times
  @robinlondon: 1 times
  @NutritionWisdom: 1 times
flowersophy mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @Flowersophy: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @chastity1111: 1 times
  @Goldenorckus: 1 times
cathrinefeehely mentions:
  @markparton: 1 times
  @brindabellababy: 1 times
  @benrhughes: 1 times
  @milagro88: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
greensidekick mentions:
  @nosetu: 2 times
  @greensidekick: 1 times
boysforpele32 mentions:
  @boysforpele32: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 4 times
7726 mentions:
  @MATRIXFAN: 1 times
  @ThinkMars: 1 times
  @Anix: 1 times
  @hxcfairy: 1 times
  @OkamiMars: 1 times
  @TheMarsFactory: 1 times
pinkynkotb mentions:
  @AngNewell77: 1 times
  @Milla25: 1 times
twilightofdoom mentions:
  @Big808: 1 times
ekolsky mentions:
  @TreyPennington: 1 times
sandragabriela mentions:
  @Kaique: 1 times
  @alvimdias: 1 times
  @rramada: 1 times
  @Bobolhando: 1 times
  @luizagomes: 1 times
ketelboeterpr mentions:
  @ldguymn: 1 times
  @rickross10: 1 times
  @artpetty: 1 times
  @jenkuhnPR: 1 times
phillygirl1 mentions:
  @NickRich2: 2 times
  @uncleo: 1 times
  @shamara99: 1 times
  @DJDocB: 1 times
  @angelayee: 1 times
  @Djnewera: 1 times
  @khaliefkhadafi: 1 times
  @Cook1bd: 1 times
  @BEMagazine: 1 times
  @PhillyGG: 1 times
  @: 1 times
suzboop mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
kylesawhney mentions:
  @TheDarrenxshow: 1 times
  @kylesawhney: 1 times
livej mentions:
  @yonhapnews: 1 times
  @koreatimes: 1 times
  @ohmynews: 1 times
  @hanguknews: 1 times
magneticwoman mentions:
  @TheMediaCzar: 1 times
  @MagneticWoman: 1 times
levihenry mentions:
  @RepLynnJenkins: 1 times
kelliesimpson mentions:
  @baneen: 1 times
  @willowtree81: 1 times
  @kodysangel: 1 times
  @joey76: 1 times
  @siaan: 1 times
  @mojitolily: 1 times
  @ollycromack: 1 times
activecause mentions:
  @jonnyimerman: 1 times
  @stupidcancer: 1 times
aijadaina mentions:
  @Mommentator: 1 times
  @economycrazy: 1 times
  @SteveBeren: 1 times
  @RightPundits: 1 times
  @jakrose: 1 times
kimscriven mentions:
  @davidsteven: 1 times
  @jduncanMACD: 1 times
hrbartender mentions:
chuckreeves mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
cassia_ mentions:
  @msinfluenzaa: 1 times
99gr81 mentions:
  @MarthaYoung: 1 times
  @NancyCawleyJean: 1 times
dceventjunkie mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
crataegus mentions:
surfcityjay mentions:
  @dragonblogger: 1 times
nancycawleyjean mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
sarahburris mentions:
  @RenataNicole: 1 times
chrislovemusic1 mentions:
  @KONCIOUSLUNATIC: 1 times
crisvida mentions:
  @AlexSerna: 1 times
adoramaused mentions:
  @adoramalearn: 1 times
  @AdoramaPix: 1 times
  @AdoramaCamera: 1 times
  @techtockblog: 1 times
  @jeffreypix: 1 times
photographerbot mentions:
  @Pyeman: 1 times
  @tofurious: 1 times
theblogrollers mentions:
  @enjoyceinglife: 2 times
ecopup mentions:
  @LindaPetTalez: 1 times
  @jonvales: 1 times
  @PetParentAuthor: 1 times
  @whereiseleanor: 1 times
  @barkaboutit: 1 times
  @Pawsville: 1 times
  @capawsphotos: 1 times
  @SphynxAll: 1 times
  @StaciMarie: 1 times
ilonkaac mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
paintsnature mentions:
  @mjjaaska: 1 times
raganella7 mentions:
  @TheEcoist: 1 times
  @dcarli: 1 times
  @12C4: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @ModernEcoHomes: 1 times
  @inhabitat: 1 times
  @niltiac: 1 times
  @followgreen: 1 times
  @ecopond: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @raganella7: 1 times
thackman mentions:
frank4cars mentions:
  @motor4toys: 1 times
jiggaroo mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
catherinventura mentions:
  @ConversationAge: 1 times
grant_d mentions:
  @ACCyclebetes: 1 times
  @anthonysedlak: 1 times
  @: 1 times
jackalopekid mentions:
ipetscene mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @RadarDog: 1 times
  @simonhamer: 1 times
  @waysidewaifs: 1 times
  @baltimorehumane: 1 times
  @babypatches: 1 times
  @barrie: 1 times
  @moderncat: 1 times
  @doguk: 1 times
  @isabellacane: 1 times
northcentralcol mentions:
  @barbdelollis: 1 times
artistsexposed mentions:
  @SheriSalata: 1 times
  @Oprahs: 1 times
nika7k mentions:
  @growwit: 1 times
  @Shelley2: 1 times
  @WiddleFarm: 1 times
  @patz313: 1 times
  @Junedee: 1 times
  @nika7k: 1 times
  @JacksonHollow: 1 times
  @tricialandry: 1 times
  @sharleedoble: 1 times
zoeyjordan mentions:
  @ashleyjill: 1 times
macandfuzcat mentions:
  @purplefrocat: 1 times
sunrayswench mentions:
  @longhairgreg: 1 times
vivspace mentions:
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @beckyjoyartist: 1 times
  @kjoannrussell: 1 times
  @NikkiPaints: 1 times
  @KarenSperling: 1 times
  @msholin: 1 times
  @TraceyVitkay: 1 times
  @SMSart: 1 times
session11 mentions:
freedomweaver mentions:
  @CMYates: 1 times
  @tmauch: 1 times
  @StephaniePeay: 1 times
  @garytcoles: 1 times
  @FreedomWeaver: 1 times
  @joeworkman: 1 times
  @paulbarrow: 1 times
  @DaveHageman: 1 times
takinpitchas mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
waterplanetusa mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
kbwomen mentions:
ivyivydeliz mentions:
  @lucymfel: 1 times
  @ivyivydeliz: 1 times
  @miguelrios: 1 times
bigblendmag mentions:
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
oprahstream mentions:
  @Greg007Collins: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @kevinrose: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @Oprah: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @MrFire: 1 times
ali_gator13 mentions:
  @donnieklang: 1 times
fernandopacheco mentions:
  @AsierMarques: 1 times
  @NecatPace: 1 times
  @egaroo: 1 times
  @lopertyur: 1 times
  @edoclolo: 1 times
sharingthebliss mentions:
  @revbeej: 1 times
  @girlapp: 1 times
  @sharingthebliss: 1 times
  @gospelspectrum: 1 times
lujeansmith mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @SheriSalata: 1 times
  @Oprahs: 1 times
martingbedwards mentions:
  @NaomiChappell: 1 times
inhabitat mentions:
  @raganella7: 1 times
  @TheEcoist: 1 times
  @dcarli: 1 times
  @12C4: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @ModernEcoHomes: 1 times
  @niltiac: 1 times
  @followgreen: 1 times
  @ecopond: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
brittb1 mentions:
  @nansen: 1 times
  @micah: 1 times
  @myklroventine: 1 times
vegaswinechick mentions:
  @yummit: 1 times
  @wineinkbytia: 1 times
  @offthestrip: 1 times
  @LVOutsider: 1 times
  @collectivesoulsome: 1 times
kimberlyellen mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @sherrierose: 1 times
  @butterflywheel: 1 times
  @thediamondcoach: 1 times
  @AnamarieSeidel: 1 times
  @allyachambers: 1 times
  @calliesink: 1 times
bonnieadamson mentions:
  @yalebot: 1 times
mattroyse mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
damiandayton mentions:
  @HRFactor: 1 times
shonuffsheree mentions:
  @CarlaCh: 1 times
  @ShoNuffSheree: 1 times
  @Iamsrose: 1 times
  @bravesgirl5: 1 times
  @shaycarl: 1 times
  @EmBethG: 1 times
catrionaharris mentions:
cherrysauceco mentions:
  @storenvy: 1 times
tinu mentions:
  @VincentWright: 1 times
madbello mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @dropsofreign: 1 times
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @kimsherrell: 1 times
  @BobbinTalk: 1 times
  @KoldChills: 1 times
  @houseofprince: 1 times
janjamm mentions:
  @altertweego: 1 times
acrobat_gu mentions:
  @MarkRosch: 1 times
  @OreLawPracMgmt: 1 times
voretaq7 mentions:
  @kendowns: 1 times
  @zippy1981: 1 times
  @cmerlo441: 1 times
  @dorgan1983: 1 times
guyatcarphone mentions:
  @DWSNJ: 1 times
racingfreak mentions:
  @JoeDuenwald: 1 times
  @RacingFreak: 1 times
  @lvl2Gamer: 1 times
  @onPauseGaming: 1 times
  @RealAaronWalker: 1 times
  @RonyDean: 2 times
inklingstv mentions:
  @shinedrumco: 1 times
  @thebiggerlights: 1 times
  @dangeroussummer: 1 times
  @luishandshake: 1 times
  @thesegreeneyes: 1 times
anietasays mentions:
  @anietasays: 1 times
  @stephHOV: 1 times
  @jenRIZZY: 1 times
  @DESSDOllA: 1 times
  @purpledeeee: 1 times
  @roooobee: 1 times
  @bunzbunnyalec: 1 times
  @msmonet: 1 times
  @l0velyD: 1 times
aahahelpingpets mentions:
  @gafunnyfarm: 1 times
badabingco mentions:
  @THECOMEBACK: 1 times
  @thecomeback: 1 times
  @rocketclub: 1 times
  @kylerodgerstht: 1 times
  @badabingco: 1 times
  @mmmikeyloy: 1 times
  @aaykay: 1 times
  @joshtheamorous: 1 times
  @misterorr: 1 times
bychadmccool mentions:
  @wilsonpix: 1 times
bendymixer mentions:
  @Beccalou37: 1 times
  @Catwomank26: 1 times
  @nicolaprigg: 1 times
  @h269: 1 times
  @Welshracer: 1 times
  @Steviewynn: 1 times
  @JonnyLerwill: 1 times
  @MarieC09: 1 times
  @EdNell: 1 times
ledameredith mentions:
  @raganella7: 1 times
  @ledameredith: 1 times
  @unitedyogis: 1 times
  @meredithmo: 1 times
  @PranaHeals: 1 times
  @HipSlopeMama: 1 times
eeyoreonline mentions:
  @wendywitwoo: 1 times
  @mangowe: 1 times
  @ladypenelope: 1 times
pete01010 mentions:
  @kristiewells: 1 times
  @danosphere: 1 times
  @davehyndman: 1 times
  @jakrose: 1 times
  @jpatrickm: 1 times
  @justcreative: 1 times
  @joseeight: 1 times
  @EricHutchinson: 1 times
  @virl: 1 times
willcarling mentions:
  @GillyLiz: 1 times
  @Gailporter: 1 times
  @karacornflake: 1 times
  @szenn7: 1 times
hakim247 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
animalplanet mentions:
  @DocNicole: 1 times
lisatayl mentions:
  @lmpotter: 1 times
  @mikeGMY: 1 times
  @Superdad08: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @PCDoc: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @BossLadiToya: 1 times
  @cre8powr: 1 times
  @cybric: 1 times
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @46bit: 1 times
  @JonH: 1 times
tiffychele mentions:
  @fml2009: 1 times
  @jeepersmedia: 1 times
  @youtube: 1 times
  @georgiaaquarium: 1 times
cherylharrison mentions:
  @synccreative: 1 times
  @jeffbeeler: 1 times
  @selicker: 1 times
  @guymichael: 1 times
doubledown_insl mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 2 times
  @WynGalbraith: 1 times
  @WilW: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
friskyseo mentions:
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @FriskySeo: 1 times
  @FindAnyFloor: 1 times
  @Moneyhopeful: 1 times
  @GabrielMeira: 1 times
mkefood mentions:
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
  @Bjaardker: 1 times
  @JeffCole53: 1 times
  @caohaoim: 1 times
  @brewcitybrand: 1 times
  @mkecreative: 1 times
  @MKEb4Decaf: 1 times
  @bmaldonado: 1 times
accordiongeek mentions:
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @matttbastard: 1 times
jonmckee mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 9 times
tiffnurse mentions:
  @bellanancy: 1 times
  @missa914: 1 times
  @tyresell: 1 times
  @tiffnurse: 1 times
  @ChieFFYdotBaby: 1 times
  @vanhunt: 1 times
  @thenyknicks: 1 times
  @rosiefbaby: 1 times
  @sophiamariexo: 1 times
  @johnlegend: 1 times
bruceray mentions:
  @crowderband: 1 times
  @DecembeRadio: 1 times
  @gmctv: 1 times
  @hillsongunited: 1 times
  @iChristianMusic: 1 times
  @lincolnbrewster: 1 times
  @karijobe: 1 times
  @kpstanfill: 1 times
  @KLOVERadio: 1 times
emolamol mentions:
  @bawaaldotcom: 1 times
  @vaishali007: 1 times
lilhiccups mentions:
  @maternitique: 1 times
  @AmishPrimitives: 1 times
  @NoThrowBaby: 1 times
  @MomTV: 1 times
  @HomemakerBarbi: 1 times
bumbumgirl mentions:
  @ThomasPendelton: 1 times
  @DogBountyHunter: 1 times
  @DocArzt: 1 times
crystalcronin mentions:
  @sabrinagibson: 1 times
vegan_one mentions:
  @RaylonS: 1 times
tonykellogg mentions:
  @CelesteKCC: 1 times
tessersnacks mentions:
  @freemarketgrip: 1 times
  @mparent77772: 1 times
  @rupperteria: 1 times
  @KyleLiberty: 1 times
  @rationalreview: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @freedompolitics: 1 times
  @DailyUprising: 1 times
  @LCLReport: 1 times
alexdesigns mentions:
  @droze: 1 times
badwebsites mentions:
  @RuthLess1: 2 times
smartprofits mentions:
milla25 mentions:
  @Jordandollfollowfriday: 1 times
  @jondoll: 1 times
catseyewriter mentions:
  @tumblemoose: 1 times
linzgirl mentions:
lay_lay_lay mentions:
  @rtnuggets: 1 times
  @ColoSportsDesk: 1 times
  @TheMileHighFan: 1 times
mac42az mentions:
  @ryankester: 1 times
  @nicichan: 1 times
  @narwilliams: 1 times
  @CobraCommander: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @fetts: 1 times
  @Ihnatko: 1 times
  @thephoenixsun: 1 times
  @solarfeeds: 1 times
budgetsaresexy mentions:
  @stretchydollar: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
  @CleverDude: 1 times
rochayis mentions:
  @catpow3r: 1 times
workathomespace mentions:
  @DeniseWillms: 1 times
  @VANetworking: 1 times
  @EdgeVA: 1 times
  @WAHMArticles: 1 times
realgroovyarts mentions:
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @stevecouillard: 1 times
  @queenrania: 1 times
  @lrex: 1 times
  @realgroovyarts: 1 times
earmentrout mentions:
  @birdsall: 1 times
noelleabella mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bethaquotaholic mentions:
  @PinkM: 1 times
  @MoMaalim: 1 times
  @bethaquotaholic: 1 times
artemisrex mentions:
  @kevinism: 1 times
  @josephchristian: 1 times
  @mattbeatar: 1 times
  @madonnamike: 1 times
  @atkailash: 1 times
  @oneboyarmy: 1 times
  @yngboi98: 1 times
  @airrun: 1 times
  @OhMyBlogItsJoey: 1 times
  @maruznyc: 1 times
beckyoneill mentions:
  @McFlyNews: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @Xanneroo: 1 times
  @timlovejoy: 1 times
  @saucewear: 1 times
  @BrownTowers: 1 times
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @bobblyllew: 1 times
  @jennifalconer: 1 times
  @antonycotton: 1 times
tryshz mentions:
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @timbury: 1 times
p0rcelain mentions:
  @willwarsaw: 1 times
  @Wyldekyttin: 1 times
  @SATAN: 1 times
  @licentiousjerk: 1 times
  @P0RCELAIN: 1 times
  @MaggieHizakata: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @abqryan: 1 times
  @TwistOfBlonde: 1 times
beverlyhogue mentions:
  @AmericanTweets: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
koshercamembert mentions:
  @koshereye: 1 times
chrisspagnuolo mentions:
sonadora mentions:
  @TomRedwine: 1 times
hcjb mentions:
  @ligonier: 1 times
  @TGCN: 1 times
  @vomc: 1 times
  @ccci: 1 times
  @simintl: 1 times
  @simusa: 1 times
  @bgea: 1 times
  @e3partners: 1 times
  @asianaccess: 1 times
  @omusa: 1 times
  @awana: 1 times
  @aimusa: 1 times
  @heifer: 1 times
jessiejessup mentions:
  @savagechickens: 1 times
texaseducation mentions:
  @rosieandtheband: 1 times
twilightus mentions:
  @TwiSuperFan: 1 times
  @KlauzRPattz: 1 times
sambroberg mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 2 times
theundomestic mentions:
  @alexasha: 1 times
  @TheUndomestic: 1 times
melissa_dw mentions:
  @heartwork: 1 times
musicincider mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
chinablogtweets mentions:
  @clarkey: 1 times
  @tuesdaytweetup: 1 times
  @SVTenacious: 1 times
  @aimeenbarnes: 1 times
  @campbellclaret: 1 times
  @ChinaBlogTweets: 1 times
hiremydad mentions:
  @Recruitingfreak: 1 times
jitendraapi mentions:
  @preetiprasad: 1 times
  @nehakhanna: 1 times
  @ankurdayal: 1 times
  @flickrfan: 1 times
2tuffdc mentions:
  @NappyRiddem: 1 times
cartermason mentions:
  @joshbickford: 1 times
  @cartermason: 1 times
artistiam86 mentions:
  @ArtistIAm86: 3 times
  @WonderWomanSE: 1 times
  @ItzNeshaJ: 1 times
  @The305: 1 times
  @absatou: 1 times
  @1NEPHreakyAPE: 1 times
lawton_chiles mentions:
  @RickOpp: 1 times
  @lawtonchiles: 1 times
  @TheRealPRMan: 1 times
  @catchyourlimit: 1 times
  @Ndevault: 1 times
  @OnyxGroup: 1 times
  @rbbPR: 1 times
  @BPrickett: 1 times
  @Chr: 1 times
_itspee mentions:
  @itsPee: 1 times
capetown mentions:
holdfast1979 mentions:
  @lannalee: 1 times
krys_rox mentions:
  @genrox: 1 times
  @dannylavillegas: 1 times
jrhelms01 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
clubbeats_blog mentions:
  @musicboxmix: 1 times
  @artemisrex: 1 times
  @djdeleon: 1 times
  @mcm180: 1 times
  @Isak: 1 times
  @clubbeatsblog: 1 times
  @kayounche: 1 times
xurras mentions:
  @Xurras: 1 times
lapsedpacifist mentions:
nettofabulous mentions:
  @JULIEMOORE: 1 times
bigstan129 mentions:
  @SPProductions: 1 times
  @seanarcher205: 1 times
  @lilmissladye: 1 times
  @Notorious1: 1 times
  @taylurmde: 1 times
  @websince1982: 1 times
  @Focuzmedia: 1 times
  @vichick: 1 times
  @GetEmQ: 1 times
  @BigStan1: 1 times
ggreeneva mentions:
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 2 times
janabanana5 mentions:
  @AlphaMaresHUNT: 1 times
  @JanaBanana5: 1 times
  @Hawkbow: 1 times
  @shustonphotos: 1 times
brotherjesse mentions:
  @jhaubein: 1 times
  @ProsperityGal: 1 times
  @FinancialCents: 1 times
  @brotherjesse: 1 times
ephix mentions:
  @tomread: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
hipslopemama mentions:
  @raganella: 1 times
  @ledameredith: 1 times
  @unitedyogis: 1 times
  @meredithmo: 1 times
  @PranaHeals: 1 times
  @HipSlopeMama: 1 times
leatherzebra mentions:
  @ColleenLindsay: 1 times
  @JunoBooks: 1 times
az_tweeats mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
jilloatmeal mentions:
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @HopeHeals: 1 times
  @angiece: 1 times
  @DebOwen: 1 times
  @lovelylily1: 1 times
marlinex mentions:
  @CAStateParks: 1 times
  @VAStateParks: 1 times
  @visitPAparks: 1 times
  @OhioStateParks: 1 times
  @TPWDnews: 1 times
  @MTStateParks: 1 times
  @ARStateParks: 1 times
windtee mentions:
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
  @USSNimitz: 1 times
tracieramos mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @jasonthebaldguy: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @jaygraham: 1 times
  @JeanieMarshall: 1 times
  @jdenham: 1 times
spiritualnurse mentions:
  @marilynstannett: 2 times
  @reikirod: 1 times
  @ArielBravy: 1 times
  @SacredOm: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @SpiritualNurse: 1 times
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @DrDebBrown: 1 times
joeygreen mentions:
  @alexdesigns: 1 times
  @droze: 1 times
bigmikeradio mentions:
  @elvisduran: 1 times
  @kaspershow: 1 times
  @javajoel: 1 times
  @ryanseacrest: 1 times
  @bigmikeradio: 1 times
  @mickigamez: 1 times
  @bomatthews: 1 times
dkeahey mentions:
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
  @USSNimitz: 1 times
jezzabell13 mentions:
  @CoriandrExpress: 1 times
  @sunbug: 1 times
  @CeeGeeJewellery: 1 times
  @RubySpirit: 1 times
  @jezzabell13: 1 times
patwallace mentions:
  @SeanWhalen: 1 times
  @patwallace: 1 times
  @Billy3G: 1 times
  @HollyAllan: 1 times
  @crackberry: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
  @bbgeeks: 1 times
goaliemom31 mentions:
  @hughwhite: 1 times
m320_consulting mentions:
  @AlfredEdmondJr: 1 times
  @Luxetips: 1 times
  @Luxeredux: 1 times
  @Chynadoll: 1 times
  @SLSMgt: 1 times
  @Sidelinepass: 1 times
  @kimmoy: 1 times
  @faithmorris: 1 times
  @M320Consulting: 1 times
  @BookLov: 1 times
kjkarl mentions:
  @mmalm: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
partygurle mentions:
  @gail666: 1 times
  @PartyGurle: 1 times
maloneb mentions:
  @uncommonwine: 1 times
  @securitytwits: 1 times
  @helpnetsecurity: 1 times
  @imeluny: 1 times
christiesilver mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
steampunkrings mentions:
  @StylesMedia: 1 times
  @Steamteam: 1 times
csabcs mentions:
  @SchoolLunch: 1 times
  @JenniferPerillo: 1 times
  @EatingWell: 1 times
  @flourgrrrl: 1 times
pageone mentions:
  @Gen215: 1 times
  @MatthewWarner: 1 times
  @CollectiveSoul: 1 times
missedw mentions:
  @johnmcg: 1 times
  @woodsybristol: 1 times
  @paulakelly: 1 times
  @pepsrich: 1 times
  @simoneditor: 1 times
  @clarerwbullock: 1 times
  @jamesainsworth: 1 times
  @MarketingDonut: 1 times
  @MarkTHook: 1 times
djaceboogie mentions:
  @TatianaToT: 1 times
littlecoquette mentions:
  @MichelleyM: 1 times
  @Brittleshea: 1 times
  @Nockstar: 1 times
  @FriedMadness: 1 times
  @Laurawhittz09: 1 times
  @shadysmurf: 1 times
  @Fallenangel: 1 times
  @infamouszlegend: 1 times
  @badassgeek: 1 times
adempster mentions:
  @SteveOnBroadway: 1 times
  @ccaggiano: 1 times
  @GratuitousV: 1 times
  @AdventureSarahB: 1 times
  @kevinddaly: 1 times
  @TBTACT: 1 times
laurenzettler mentions:
  @pauloddo: 1 times
  @stollemache: 1 times
  @emilytarver: 1 times
  @SunitaDeshpande: 1 times
  @JaimeSkinner: 1 times
davigirl1 mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
swgalibertarian mentions:
  @VoteMonds: 1 times
  @ScottForGA: 1 times
  @GeorgiaFirst: 1 times
  @Johnson4Georgia: 1 times
  @karenhandel: 1 times
  @johnoxendine: 1 times
  @DavidPoythress: 1 times
  @porterforga: 1 times
markscamardella mentions:
  @PaulaTeeter: 1 times
thisistexas mentions:
  @RCSAustin: 1 times
  @iTexNews: 2 times
davidmauro mentions:
  @mattglazer: 1 times
  @karltm: 1 times
  @davidmauro: 1 times
  @MJJHurta: 1 times
  @PhillipMartin: 1 times
lennyuk mentions:
  @DwerG: 1 times
ralphsaunders mentions:
  @SamAsante: 4 times
  @ralphsaunders: 1 times
msveevee mentions:
  @ChristianGuide: 2 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @MsVeeVee: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @SlickTalkJ: 1 times
  @DemonFactory: 1 times
colbywright mentions:
  @colbywright: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @calabash11: 1 times
  @nzink: 1 times
  @HoneysLingerie: 1 times
  @lesameryl: 1 times
martinwaxman mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
aspaphoto mentions:
  @victoria: 1 times
geektrooper mentions:
  @joshgeeksix: 1 times
mgmyself mentions:
  @avidjon: 1 times
  @frodofied: 1 times
jeanniecw mentions:
  @db: 1 times
brandbuildingco mentions:
  @GVOworld: 1 times
  @kate7s: 1 times
  @billbreakeruk: 1 times
  @ricmerrifield: 1 times
  @brandbuildingco: 1 times
dcv3 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tshock64 mentions:
  @yahaloma: 1 times
  @giographix: 1 times
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
  @lingokid: 1 times
  @iamkhayyam: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @cristianvasile: 1 times
  @LB: 1 times
yblud mentions:
  @imaje: 1 times
  @NinaMW: 1 times
leabella mentions:
  @AZBlueEyes: 1 times
technex mentions:
  @maxamphoto: 1 times
  @gtvone: 1 times
  @theknickermafia: 1 times
  @tpphotography: 1 times
be_a_glitzer mentions:
  @TheBeadedPalace: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @beadinpath: 1 times
  @tangokjewelry: 1 times
journeycoach mentions:
  @patweber: 1 times
alex_mayorga mentions:
  @zolliker: 1 times
  @PenaMuertePVEM: 1 times
southalves mentions:
  @liquidswagger: 1 times
  @marisolmercedes: 1 times
  @janiro: 1 times
  @southalves: 1 times
  @robski615: 1 times
  @picturemane: 1 times
  @fateeastwood: 1 times
  @stixizza: 1 times
  @yngmkal: 1 times
zuno mentions:
  @zholmquist: 2 times
dallasdave mentions:
  @BillHurlbut: 1 times
  @galleriagifts: 1 times
  @DallasDave: 1 times
  @moreniches: 1 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
sengseng mentions:
  @steved503: 1 times
  @amcafees: 1 times
lamoreauxart mentions:
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
viewfrommyseats mentions:
  @ChrisMottram: 1 times
  @mhannahp: 1 times
  @chollis: 1 times
  @wingoz: 1 times
  @LenaDISTRACTIA: 1 times
  @yankee32879: 1 times
  @BrittanyLane: 1 times
jessicalearning mentions:
  @deliciouscookin: 1 times
  @ReneeKY: 1 times
  @seotips2go: 1 times
  @jhengstler: 1 times
  @dstlearn: 1 times
  @rliberni: 1 times
  @kyigit: 1 times
  @eLearnMag: 1 times
  @lattitude4U: 1 times
  @peoplegogy: 1 times
tankabar_linda mentions:
  @sbsbea: 1 times
  @suze: 1 times
  @koball: 1 times
  @DakotaGeek: 1 times
  @lopps1999: 1 times
  @PheasantPhun: 1 times
  @TankaBarJunior: 1 times
  @TankaBarRachel: 1 times
triciacurtis mentions:
  @PrettyScrappy: 1 times
  @designsbylaura: 1 times
  @sweetmade: 1 times
  @DesignsbyHelly: 1 times
  @Bannerwoman: 1 times
  @sbgmaya: 1 times
paulswann mentions:
  @SteveFrail: 1 times
  @woolum: 1 times
deansguide mentions:
  @ScottATaylorYou: 1 times
tournantinc mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 2 times
eczemasupport mentions:
  @YCCAppeal: 1 times
  @asthmauk: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
healthyminute mentions:
  @bigideaguy: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
  @andrewlock: 1 times
adamcarn mentions:
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
bheater mentions:
darrylhumphrey mentions:
  @bjork: 1 times
  @strutinc: 1 times
  @LelaDesigns: 1 times
  @DougCoupland: 1 times
  @toromagazine: 1 times
  @BBCClick: 1 times
yournutrition mentions:
  @ApothecaryJeri: 1 times
_sweetjane mentions:
  @jamesgunn: 1 times
  @chrisdaughtry: 1 times
  @paulaabdul: 1 times
kevinlburke mentions:
  @fisherofmen: 1 times
  @Stillrockin: 1 times
  @microblog4crm: 1 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @philstratton: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
anniestrack mentions:
  @TDishnerFineArt: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @heidicappie: 1 times
  @mitchy1441: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
  @SMSart: 1 times
cruzado mentions:
  @martintwelve: 1 times
larsidar mentions:
  @hhenden: 1 times
sigurarm mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
mfgcrunch mentions:
  @greendreamin: 1 times
kathybader mentions:
  @helenmirren: 1 times
gardenman01 mentions:
  @GardeningFun: 1 times
  @Gardora: 1 times
  @ChezBloom: 1 times
  @TorontoGardens: 1 times
  @WestonGreenMan: 1 times
  @TheGardenShed: 1 times
  @YardFairy: 1 times
krilana mentions:
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
  @odemagazine: 1 times
g2ix mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @mjefferson: 1 times
  @dirkmshaw: 1 times
  @txtglennross: 1 times
  @G2iX: 1 times
  @BusinessDIY: 1 times
jodymoon mentions:
  @janewishon: 1 times
  @brianstroup: 1 times
heyjealousy mentions:
  @theakas: 2 times
mahogany_soul mentions:
  @itsTyraB: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @roxygen02: 1 times
  @jodywatley: 1 times
  @themandymoore: 1 times
  @angelonfire: 1 times
  @necolebitchie: 1 times
  @jdwebb: 1 times
  @matthewmilam: 1 times
sarahwebb mentions:
  @jwlf: 1 times
  @bikelady: 1 times
  @katereilly: 1 times
  @michellerafter: 1 times
  @rondoylewrites: 1 times
pajamaceo mentions:
  @agentspayforwrd: 1 times
sharils mentions:
sanmccarron mentions:
  @SuburbanFarmer: 1 times
  @sanmccarron: 1 times
michellemp mentions:
  @courdek: 1 times
heatworld mentions:
rabbigreenberg mentions:
  @GilStudent: 1 times
  @DrewKaplan: 1 times
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @whitehouse: 1 times
  @JYuter: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
angel200688 mentions:
  @annalix: 1 times
  @Xaan: 1 times
  @Sachilman: 1 times
  @BuzzybooAwesome: 1 times
marloes81 mentions:
  @jvijsseldijk: 1 times
  @JasperSuijten: 1 times
mrhustleri mentions:
  @DJBooth: 1 times
  @DJMoonDawg: 1 times
  @DJScream: 1 times
  @TheRealDJKhaled: 1 times
  @DJSmallz: 1 times
  @DJEnvy: 1 times
  @DJWoogie: 1 times
  @DJGreenLantern: 1 times
  @DJDrizzle: 1 times
  @DJSkee: 1 times
  @DJKhalil1: 1 times
macht_pr mentions:
  @Storymaker: 1 times
  @breitenbach: 1 times
  @nadiaz: 1 times
  @csommer: 1 times
  @tdefren: 1 times
  @wired: 1 times
  @utensilie: 1 times
  @zeeing: 1 times
  @machtpr: 1 times
  @cisionDE: 1 times
  @coachingblogger: 1 times
msfranrose mentions:
  @drebaxter: 1 times
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
  @incognitoblue: 1 times
  @Scholarjack: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @mrrodd: 1 times
  @paydayloanlady: 1 times
surroundings mentions:
  @roomsthatwork: 1 times
  @lesliefineint: 1 times
  @brivkind: 1 times
  @avolli: 1 times
  @girlssentaway: 1 times
  @projectsupport: 1 times
  @60nobscot: 1 times
  @charise: 1 times
  @kdepp: 1 times
  @creativehome: 1 times
joaofelipebruno mentions:
  @ElementsOfJazz: 1 times
  @fotographable: 1 times
  @newspotifyalbum: 1 times
  @chakahotnightz: 1 times
  @adsoftheworld: 1 times
  @DM9DDB: 1 times
  @jazzheritagectr: 1 times
xcrzykindofboix mentions:
  @irishass3480@dannyc@tjwilson@xkillthelightsx@markldgr@intergalacticfw@mrpunk2u@juicygrl11@sugurshane: 1 times
jeannemariepics mentions:
  @puiwashops: 1 times
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @jeannemariepics: 1 times
  @SweetSyrinx: 1 times
  @Selbelina: 1 times
  @PuiwaShops: 1 times
matthewfrancis mentions:
  @TheRotArm: 1 times
  @matthewfrancis: 1 times
jdotpr mentions:
  @PROlivia: 1 times
  @DJMos: 1 times
  @DJReach: 1 times
  @DJCommish: 1 times
  @Hotwaxx1: 1 times
  @DaytonaXclusive: 1 times
  @urbanbarbiedoll: 1 times
  @TalibMorgan: 1 times
  @rappublicist: 1 times
  @rashaunh: 1 times
mediadesign24 mentions:
  @BiJour: 1 times
  @arpades: 1 times
  @Europadruck: 1 times
  @ThorstenHahn: 1 times
  @marketingprofi: 1 times
  @xingexperte: 1 times
decart mentions:
  @ghelvey: 1 times
  @blueskyhill: 1 times
  @kivathemovie: 1 times
  @ijmhq: 1 times
sitsgirls mentions:
  @designmamamy: 1 times
  @JylMomIF: 1 times
  @twinfatuation: 1 times
  @ciaosignora: 1 times
  @HolleeAnnCFG: 1 times
  @girloutnumbered: 1 times
bgrier mentions:
  @FSConnect: 1 times
  @FSDeals: 1 times
  @FSGetItFirst: 1 times
  @FSAubaines: 1 times
  @FSGrandePrimeur: 1 times
  @FSConnectez: 1 times
admiralrusty mentions:
  @AdmiralRusty: 4 times
  @JonathanRoyCrooner: 1 times
mzrayrae mentions:
  @juz1complexsoul: 1 times
  @kidinc: 1 times
  @DrunkenNyt: 1 times
  @tymefamily: 1 times
  @youngquiz: 1 times
  @SStrong: 1 times
  @SeasonSays: 1 times
  @OvATyME: 1 times
  @foxxxybrown: 1 times
  @MzRaYrAe: 1 times
  @b: 1 times
scriptconnect mentions:
  @LDSNewsroom: 1 times
  @MoTabChoir: 1 times
boiling_skies mentions:
  @andybaldwin: 1 times
  @jenheger: 1 times
  @dihugs: 1 times
  @claudiajordan: 1 times
  @justplainbill: 1 times
  @usaDJ: 1 times
  @kellyanncollins: 1 times
  @thebrownboi: 1 times
  @lorimoreno: 1 times
  @chandle: 1 times
washwhendirty mentions:
  @studio618: 1 times
  @styler: 1 times
  @shellisxena: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets@rockstarima@billpurifiedart: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @jessejanes: 1 times
  @NaturesDecor: 1 times
acstamped mentions:
  @Pghpensfans: 1 times
  @joycelindner: 1 times
  @Abellamiento: 1 times
  @melsartbuffet: 1 times
  @angelcityart: 1 times
  @VCBargainHunter: 1 times
  @baybiiejess: 1 times
makepeacearts mentions:
  @MarkisMusing: 1 times
  @QueenofSpain: 1 times
  @spillspace: 1 times
  @seattleweekly: 1 times
chrisduhamel mentions:
  @confessing7girl: 1 times
  @bayou: 1 times
  @ineedmyfix: 1 times
  @spoilmetwo: 1 times
  @spicypants: 1 times
  @dailystab: 1 times
  @busybeeblogger: 1 times
  @bumpshack: 1 times
  @gossipteens: 1 times
  @mkellog: 1 times
mrnomixx mentions:
  @MRNOMIXX: 1 times
  @Faazon: 1 times
  @babygarfiguer: 1 times
cathybrowne mentions:
  @IdaRose: 1 times
  @nhendin: 1 times
teresajohns mentions:
  @douglaspaul: 2 times
  @teresajohns: 1 times
voiceofjakarta mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
debsarnold mentions:
  @Anjeebaby@krystynchong@arjunbasu@GuyKawasaki@sumaya@BradHoward@sciencebase@GeekyArchitect@FredaMooncotch: 1 times
stfujeannie mentions:
  @JoeTheHint: 1 times
  @earthtoandrew: 1 times
  @mercystreetteam: 1 times
  @nicksantino: 1 times
  @dannydonutz: 1 times
  @somersaultari: 1 times
  @markygk: 1 times
fionava mentions:
  @TheLookingSpoon: 1 times
a_washerdryer mentions:
  @flyboypatrick: 1 times
  @MK2Fac3: 1 times
  @AWasherDryer: 1 times
  @goodmanw: 1 times
fairy_claudine mentions:
  @TaraMaeThornton: 1 times
chwitterchad mentions:
  @VOTAband: 1 times
  @411God: 1 times
ricochetpredu mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @avelient: 1 times
  @JenerationPR: 1 times
  @LanceScoular: 1 times
  @Ricochet: 1 times
  @http: 1 times
alexanderjbruno mentions:
  @johnnyzito: 1 times
  @dscoleri: 1 times
  @tonytrov: 1 times
  @frankieknux: 1 times
  @designermeesh: 1 times
  @moledaddy: 1 times
  @antny13: 1 times
jursarealwom mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
sandiegofitness mentions:
  @runnersworld: 1 times
  @Lagat1500: 1 times
  @djritzenhein: 1 times
  @AaronandSanya: 1 times
  @Spearmonjr: 1 times
  @doliversub13: 1 times
  @CarlLewis: 1 times
thetowelboy mentions:
  @AdmiralRusty: 5 times
  @JonathanRoyCrooner: 1 times
  @TheTowelBoy: 2 times
headset mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 9 times
hollywest mentions:
  @RonHogan: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
powercioccio mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
natalanihawaii mentions:
  @awayblog: 1 times
  @buycruises: 1 times
  @EliteTravelGal: 1 times
  @dangerjr: 1 times
  @IsabellesTravel: 1 times
  @Travelinggreen: 1 times
  @goplanit: 1 times
  @spotcoolstuff: 1 times
  @vel: 1 times
makenzesgranna mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @LovePeaceHappi: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @ThomasHensel: 1 times
  @stevensparkman: 1 times
  @Makenzesgra: 1 times
lastyearsman mentions:
  @chickyog: 1 times
  @bevaniteEllie: 1 times
  @AdamBienkov: 1 times
  @ralasdair: 1 times
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
jacen_solo mentions:
  @FemaleRevan: 1 times
  @DarthTraya: 1 times
bostietweets mentions:
  @litlestar23: 1 times
  @trixietweet: 1 times
  @riosynder: 1 times
  @murphydog: 1 times
  @donchabongo: 1 times
serialdieter mentions:
  @TheBathProject: 1 times
anthonymcmurray mentions:
happychamorro mentions:
  @DavidWuMusic: 1 times
mikerlawson mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
armyhippiechick mentions:
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
timkellepourey mentions:
  @tombed: 1 times
beckicronin mentions:
  @tracykayevans: 1 times
  @beckicronin: 1 times
kittysingsuwan mentions:
  @missjoy4: 1 times
veramartins mentions:
  @ghfs88: 1 times
  @veramartins: 1 times
  @fangelico: 1 times
  @kikacastro: 1 times
  @alecduarte: 1 times
  @anaestela@progliv: 1 times
gamechick mentions:
  @cheekymonkeeey: 1 times
ozarksredcross mentions:
  @cristinabacalso: 1 times
rjgeyer mentions:
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
  @HazelNieves: 1 times
  @Honeypott310: 1 times
  @rjgeyer: 1 times
  @mistihope: 1 times
maryxalicexhale mentions:
  @newmoonmovie: 1 times
  @Twilightsm: 1 times
  @ParisCarney: 1 times
  @Carneymusic: 1 times
  @JamieBower: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @maryxalicexhale: 1 times
theqfamily mentions:
  @catmargulis: 1 times
  @hvbabywilltrvl: 1 times
  @twokidsandamap: 1 times
  @motherofalltrip: 1 times
  @deliciousbaby: 1 times
  @Theqfamily: 1 times
snarkandboobs mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @collegepolitico: 1 times
  @tommyxtopher: 1 times
  @edmorrissey: 1 times
  @stevenfoley: 1 times
  @snarkandboobs: 1 times
boomer1373 mentions:
  @sirihe: 1 times
  @siri: 1 times
  @supernatural: 1 times
  @androidtomato: 1 times
  @BlackPearl890: 1 times
  @BOOMER1373: 1 times
  @CandyMaize: 1 times
  @circepear: 1 times
  @groovyger: 1 times
  @HAMMER32: 1 times
charlesmckeever mentions:
  @staceymonk: 1 times
mk2fac3 mentions:
  @TerranRevirell: 1 times
supearlative5 mentions:
  @Magnum1914: 2 times
  @suPEARLative5: 1 times
brandonlgates mentions:
  @JustCal: 1 times
  @treborshine: 1 times
  @reflection87: 1 times
  @brandonlgates: 1 times
  @TeeJay882: 1 times
  @UniquelyEric: 1 times
  @COOLKID09: 1 times
shadowmystt mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
cherie_yoder mentions:
  @LIFE: 1 times
  @peoplemag: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
  @ReeveFoundation: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
p3beauty mentions:
  @EagleChris: 1 times
  @TrondheimTravel: 1 times
  @WSBTalkRadio: 1 times
  @freeonlineradio: 1 times
  @coreperformance: 1 times
flyboypatrick mentions:
  @tristankent: 1 times
  @MK2Fac3: 1 times
  @SuperTim: 1 times
  @jradc: 1 times
  @FrankRamblings: 1 times
  @HAMMER32: 1 times
  @androidtomato: 1 times
  @jhummrich: 1 times
  @FrankSylar: 1 times
  @cinebo: 1 times
inspirationbit mentions:
  @sigurarm: 1 times
  @TheExpert: 1 times
mizzlizwhizz mentions:
  @ianamro: 1 times
  @MishaDesign: 1 times
  @henryandjayne: 1 times
  @HoptonHouseBnB: 1 times
lachtrainer mentions:
  @gerardode: 1 times
  @Lnell: 1 times
  @MartinLennartz: 1 times
renee_d mentions:
  @growlingjo: 1 times
  @elonoa: 1 times
  @Mezhead: 1 times
  @chaotikallybrkn: 1 times
  @rockstaratheart: 1 times
  @machukitten: 1 times
  @levicorpuslaura: 1 times
  @BethanPie: 1 times
  @aimstah: 1 times
mfitz mentions:
  @melaniemcbride: 1 times
  @infobunny: 1 times
  @kidmatter: 1 times
mizzoucus mentions:
  @SeanWSpoon12: 1 times
  @MissouriBBall: 1 times
  @JarrettSutton25: 1 times
  @mizzoufootball: 1 times
  @ChaseDaniel: 1 times
  @Englishscope: 1 times
  @mutigersdotcom: 1 times
  @MizzouFast40: 1 times
christytarner mentions:
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @minuet: 1 times
  @mizzmariel: 1 times
  @redjeans542: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
horoscopeadvice mentions:
  @newastro: 1 times
  @astrologer: 1 times
  @taurusrising: 1 times
  @dwolfe983: 1 times
  @AstrologerMaria: 1 times
br1xt0n mentions:
  @Paullebars: 1 times
  @frazzel: 1 times
  @robinlondon: 1 times
  @br1xt0n: 1 times
  @NutritionWisdom: 1 times
janislanka mentions:
  @alexdesigns: 1 times
  @droze: 1 times
disexp mentions:
jodykoehler mentions:
  @elisemitch: 1 times
  @sixstringsnc: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @krisTK: 1 times
  @AlanWilbourn: 1 times
  @martinwaxman: 1 times
  @jaybaer@elisemitch: 1 times
cestbeth mentions:
  @SteveHaweeli: 1 times
  @cestbeth: 1 times
jbnvfclover786 mentions:
  @zozette: 1 times
  @michalbaartman: 1 times
utcomm mentions:
  @bevobeat: 1 times
  @atrubow: 1 times
  @kbohls: 1 times
xconway mentions:
  @LadyMcmooch: 1 times
  @pamjob: 1 times
  @LesleyM: 1 times
  @DaYziEbAbY: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
  @CynthiaHousel: 1 times
  @geniestjean: 1 times
  @mustloveshannon: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @MadgeC: 1 times
insideeldercare mentions:
  @RetireLife: 1 times
  @mikegamble: 1 times
  @gerohelper: 1 times
  @caregiving: 1 times
  @daccarte: 1 times
  @ElderCareRN: 1 times
  @InsideElderCare: 1 times
fwebc mentions:
  @kimappleton: 1 times
  @deannaembury: 1 times
  @StonzWear: 1 times
  @betterlifebrand: 1 times
  @dreambank: 1 times
  @loadedbow: 1 times
soundz714 mentions:
  @webratss: 1 times
  @levistephens: 1 times
therealjspace mentions:
  @Clifsoulo: 1 times
laranewman mentions:
  @greatgrapes: 1 times
mos1 mentions:
  @KubasBodegaTees: 1 times
  @8bitgangsta: 1 times
  @bigmommprods: 1 times
  @TimeOutNewYork: 1 times
  @secondpower: 1 times
  @zanelamprey: 1 times
  @danawhiteblog: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
  @MOS1: 1 times
2ndharvest mentions:
  @PoppyPembroke: 1 times
  @RIFoodBank: 1 times
wakesurfsnow mentions:
  @CharlieBoom: 1 times
  @GDBDDesign: 1 times
  @matschz: 1 times
  @ChrisDunnTV: 1 times
  @jodielynne: 1 times
  @BGKnight: 1 times
trackle mentions:
  @JoshRimer: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @KoolJeffrey: 1 times
  @simplyethan: 1 times
  @mackenzie1st: 1 times
feastup mentions:
  @hermannm: 1 times
  @themaria: 1 times
  @bullfrogandbaum: 1 times
  @chefmark: 1 times
  @gwyman: 1 times
  @bsmithstyle: 1 times
  @thankyoudan: 1 times
  @dgugnani: 1 times
  @HomeShopr: 1 times
  @gracepiper: 1 times
getoninternet mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @kenjbarnes1: 1 times
  @SteveBeren: 1 times
  @drtutt: 1 times
  @irishspy: 1 times
  @abc13weather: 1 times
modelinia mentions:
  @Fashionistacom: 1 times
  @dannyroberts: 1 times
  @P3Beauty: 1 times
  @OnGlamFashion: 1 times
  @TalkingMakeup: 1 times
  @BlackBookMedia: 1 times
  @heyfabsugar: 1 times
  @nylonmag: 1 times
artofwelcome mentions:
francineward mentions:
  @jeffreyhayzlett: 1 times
indykari mentions:
  @INHumanities: 1 times
  @indyhub: 1 times
spenspen mentions:
  @lydigonzalez: 1 times
queenaimee mentions:
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @deventrawle: 1 times
  @corakins: 1 times
  @kogibbq: 1 times
  @mydaythejway: 1 times
  @jacobdexter: 1 times
  @savechuck: 1 times
  @davidseibei: 1 times
rockmore mentions:
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
ecofare mentions:
  @paynter: 1 times
  @sslopes: 1 times
  @ProjectSAFEYARD: 1 times
  @GrowingFood: 1 times
  @captcook: 1 times
  @bestgreenblogs: 1 times
maureensleeps mentions:
  @hotpocketbook: 1 times
mikegrosso mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
quinallison mentions:
  @bettergrads: 1 times
  @kevinfadler: 1 times
  @jtack4970: 1 times
  @erhardt: 1 times
eanfionn mentions:
  @findingmickey: 1 times
thecharmedlife mentions:
  @HostessTori: 1 times
  @TheCharmedLife: 1 times
  @MyriamM: 1 times
  @savvybride: 1 times
  @KeepItClassyJen: 1 times
curtisfinancial mentions:
  @XocolateBar: 1 times
sachind mentions:
  @problogger: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @acasalena: 1 times
  @SachinD: 1 times
  @AkhilD: 1 times
  @dharwadker: 1 times
  @dwighthoward: 1 times
issascrazyworld mentions:
  @childsplayx2: 1 times
  @bjhenry: 1 times
papillong mentions:
  @shihwei: 1 times
  @fishdogs: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @jilipschultz: 1 times
  @whrrl: 1 times
  @lilyjang: 1 times
edthomas mentions:
  @abeille19: 1 times
meghansoleil mentions:
  @meghansoleil: 1 times
  @jayneverson: 1 times
  @SabrinaL: 1 times
  @JSlickTalk: 1 times
  @JaiAnthony: 1 times
belizedragonfly mentions:
  @ChefDebbieCPC: 1 times
  @EasyDrinkRecipe: 1 times
  @IndigoBlue68: 1 times
  @belizedragonfly: 1 times
  @cmcadams: 1 times
  @thefooddiva: 1 times
deannlr mentions:
  @cindygolding: 1 times
  @TomMarcinko: 1 times
  @PastyD: 1 times
  @rbpromo: 1 times
  @DeAnnLR: 1 times
  @josephh777: 1 times
jfizzle45 mentions:
  @LaurieCrystal: 1 times
  @Krecks: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
bgdtcoaching mentions:
  @SherryPCMO: 1 times
  @lagresto: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @bgdtcoaching: 1 times
  @FREDBRITO: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
cherylwolhar mentions:
  @eaglesnestwine: 1 times
  @CherylWolhar: 1 times
  @norcalwine: 1 times
  @TheArtistWells: 1 times
  @Winederful: 1 times
  @KarinKB: 1 times
  @baconator: 1 times
  @boutiqueCulture: 1 times
  @manifestIn: 1 times
a7xfans mentions:
  @avenged7fold: 1 times
  @GitGuy: 1 times
  @DCMACollective: 1 times
clamson mentions:
  @rejects: 1 times
gpjcole mentions:
  @Filmbot: 1 times
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
raouldukehst mentions:
  @LibertyMaven: 1 times
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
jeffmesser mentions:
  @KalamazooMich: 1 times
casspa mentions:
  @EMFK: 1 times
  @jenocide312: 1 times
  @openthink2: 1 times
vanmacguy mentions:
  @hypnotistchris: 1 times
  @barbmitch: 1 times
savvybride mentions:
  @abcddesigns: 1 times
  @HoustonCouture: 1 times
  @RelentlessBride: 1 times
  @Weddzilla: 1 times
jaybird76 mentions:
  @sierrafriend: 1 times
  @sarahcooley: 1 times
junorecords mentions:
  @junodownload: 1 times
  @nordictrax: 1 times
  @ISkream: 1 times
  @NinjaTune: 1 times
zion13 mentions:
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @rosesonthewind: 1 times
kurthurst mentions:
  @rodg4130: 1 times
  @ywamtyler: 1 times
  @rbohlender: 1 times
  @jhopdc: 1 times
  @cwdaniels: 1 times
tuckriffic mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @batessRT: 1 times
  @williamgarrity: 1 times
  @tuckschool: 1 times
  @thayerschool: 1 times
  @megmaker: 1 times
  @ellenkanner: 1 times
  @borninvermont: 1 times
cbadov mentions:
  @everythingmom: 1 times
endtheword mentions:
  @AsianRehab: 1 times
kmello mentions:
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @DoggieZen: 1 times
richardepryor mentions:
  @EmsyD: 1 times
  @DagobahTony: 1 times
  @Firequacker: 1 times
  @carlyfrank: 1 times
  @pinky26: 1 times
  @tyrelassie: 1 times
  @kingsunshine: 1 times
  @aussieatheart: 1 times
dennisllynn mentions:
  @WordPress: 1 times
caringmatters mentions:
  @charitytuesday: 1 times
femiknowlogy101 mentions:
  @Kathycondon: 1 times
  @vhtrabosh: 1 times
prod_by_blackk mentions:
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @DizzyDmoney1: 1 times
  @ProdByBLACKK: 1 times
  @dAtPrEttyBxtChh: 1 times
  @Freddy1990: 1 times
  @kiddretro: 1 times
  @Poetiic: 1 times
elisayemanja mentions:
  @florentM: 1 times
  @LaMinuteScience: 1 times
  @LeSaviezVous: 1 times
  @Vocabulax: 1 times
  @1Jour1Mot: 1 times
  @anglaiscours: 1 times
carylsixx mentions:
  @7angela7: 1 times
  @nannerland: 1 times
  @EmilyBeezwax: 1 times
  @KarenR59: 1 times
  @claireredxxx: 1 times
  @Carylsixx: 1 times
  @RocknRollPhotog: 1 times
  @Corrie71: 1 times
  @inkdup7: 1 times
  @SaveDarfur: 1 times
mikebyoung mentions:
  @JanWebster: 1 times
  @StevenMatsumoto: 1 times
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @mikebyoung: 1 times
  @mystic23: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @nowpropelled: 1 times
  @GrayRibbonGala: 1 times
thinkuptime mentions:
  @nwtwebsitescom: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @LaurenBlaine: 1 times
  @AlexBlom: 1 times
  @scottia: 1 times
  @Thinkuptime: 1 times
  @kaboogie: 1 times
  @Hitman1971: 1 times
  @thehillers: 1 times
redsquareagency mentions:
  @PositivePenguin: 1 times
  @TheRealJRETT: 1 times
nattjenta mentions:
  @GlowStick: 1 times
  @dsaarinen: 1 times
  @Azzore: 1 times
  @DrFernKazlow: 1 times
  @HiDan: 1 times
  @AgingBackwards: 1 times
  @FlyntStone: 1 times
  @ValHarris: 1 times
  @robosiek: 1 times
itsmejosie mentions:
  @BLKMagnum: 1 times
  @Corwin: 1 times
  @DoubleJ977: 1 times
  @ERIKAPEEZY: 1 times
  @CNorwoodAZ: 1 times
  @ginjagin: 1 times
  @LOCKJAWDBEATZ: 1 times
  @kencarr: 1 times
  @FollowPhx: 1 times
  @pyfwd: 1 times
  @cityboyzdjs: 1 times
katmarsh25 mentions:
  @fansofjimmyc: 1 times
  @musicmews: 1 times
  @temposhark: 1 times
  @imogenheap: 1 times
  @TheSugarDames: 1 times
  @lilyroseallen: 1 times
  @pink: 1 times
  @tokyopoliceclub: 1 times
  @30secondstomars: 1 times
reginawalton mentions:
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
barrieabalard mentions:
  @traderalamo: 1 times
  @AF: 1 times
  @Buyonthedip: 1 times
  @nelderini: 1 times
  @toddstottlemyre: 1 times
  @fundmyfund: 1 times
  @hamzeianalytics: 1 times
  @theequilibrium: 1 times
  @urbanryno: 1 times
ed_official mentions:
  @edsucks: 1 times
climatebill mentions:
  @UNClimateTalks: 1 times
  @COP15: 1 times
  @PowerShift09: 1 times
  @climatebill: 1 times
  @katesheppard: 1 times
  @SylviaChia: 1 times
  @dmccr: 1 times
  @MeghanMcNamara: 1 times
joannadangelo mentions:
  @daj42: 1 times
beowolf01 mentions:
  @ScottWGraves: 1 times
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
  @poinea: 1 times
  @RedTexas: 1 times
  @HomelandSecNews: 1 times
  @WildPhil: 1 times
imjacksparrow mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @neuroaster: 1 times
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
  @icewood44: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @shelbilavender: 1 times
brookssigler mentions:
  @penguinusa: 1 times
love_shanay mentions:
  @KeithDriscoll: 1 times
  @featureBlend: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @loveshanay: 1 times
sixstringsnc mentions:
  @jodykoehler: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @krisTK: 1 times
  @AlanWilbourn: 1 times
  @martinwaxman: 1 times
  @jaybaer: 1 times
  @elisemitch: 1 times
everythingmom mentions:
  @cbadov: 1 times
  @everythingmom: 1 times
  @treerootandtwig: 1 times
  @naomitripi: 1 times
  @mamamichellegj: 1 times
  @NTFFC: 1 times
  @Ainse: 1 times
  @parrish09: 1 times
lesleymorgan mentions:
  @UnleashedMinds: 1 times
  @LesleyMorgan@Jennalswriting: 1 times
  @Frugalbookpromo: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @lagunadeb: 1 times
  @sweepstakesfun: 1 times
angellaurel mentions:
  @savvysaleswoman: 1 times
  @intuitivedm: 1 times
  @docmarion: 1 times
  @AngelLaurel: 1 times
jakphoto mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ryantakeo mentions:
  @nateckennedy: 1 times
therikrakshop mentions:
  @craftster: 1 times
  @threadbanger: 1 times
  @girlsavage: 1 times
  @Artmind: 1 times
  @PearsonMaron: 1 times
  @daniellexo: 1 times
  @poppytalk: 1 times
yaboy_q mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
whodatb09 mentions:
  @MF213: 2 times
  @LPGthatDude: 2 times
  @TearlessPoet: 1 times
  @MissMillions: 1 times
  @MsTrecie: 1 times
  @OhShizzle: 1 times
rindagirl mentions:
  @djkrazyk: 1 times
  @djlx808: 1 times
  @DJBigJohn808: 1 times
  @djELITE: 1 times
  @djmiked: 1 times
  @djtechnique: 1 times
moriesbel mentions:
  @coninja: 1 times
  @fiederels: 1 times
  @jimvaniperen: 1 times
  @mobatta: 1 times
  @mrpandora: 1 times
  @dyjohen: 1 times
  @bthesingh: 1 times
  @ThomasDral: 1 times
  @aliceverheij: 1 times
  @twesis: 1 times
  @twitstat: 1 times
vpg_printing mentions:
  @AbsolutelyAbby: 1 times
  @LegalBilling: 1 times
  @JKernMOD: 1 times
  @alanunderkofler: 1 times
  @VirtueIMC: 1 times
  @juliemazziotta: 1 times
  @TheWic: 1 times
  @kristenscott: 1 times
mchenley mentions:
  @btimony: 1 times
  @ptimony: 1 times
  @perazza: 1 times
samthebutcher mentions:
  @LadyLeet: 1 times
  @Giannii: 1 times
  @Kspidel: 1 times
  @jen2281: 1 times
  @ryanlrussell: 1 times
  @AntiFreeze: 1 times
  @ericabiz: 1 times
thelifeanddeth mentions:
  @TheBrightlife: 1 times
  @haamidtbl: 1 times
  @jerrybrightlife: 1 times
  @andybrightlife: 1 times
  @mikeyfingers: 1 times
tivogirl mentions:
  @sltrib: 1 times
  @gwarchol: 1 times
  @cheapchick: 1 times
  @erinalberty: 1 times
  @jawtry: 1 times
  @sltribnewsflash: 1 times
  @trenthead: 1 times
  @drewjay: 1 times
floridaj850 mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @FloridaJ850: 1 times
  @PastorGreg: 1 times
  @ChildrensLA: 1 times
  @rcdellara: 1 times
  @lumpuckaroo: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @BelieveKids: 1 times
  @gfranks: 1 times
  @JazmineSpirit: 1 times
mizzkrysten mentions:
  @HoroscopeAdvice: 1 times
  @astrogrrl: 1 times
  @GlowStick: 1 times
  @AstroInsights: 1 times
  @IndigoLife: 1 times
  @serennu: 1 times
  @mizzkrysten: 1 times
  @astrologer: 1 times
glennhilton mentions:
  @TheMystifyer: 1 times
  @ladyshyluv: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
  @wierdchina: 1 times
  @jacknealy: 1 times
  @goodguy5: 1 times
meezyy mentions:
  @Durkl: 1 times
metal_rocks mentions:
  @kaotoxin: 1 times
  @metalunaprods: 1 times
  @supsupuration: 1 times
  @bonesbrigaderec: 1 times
  @metalrocks: 1 times
  @metalgasm: 1 times
  @verybizarre: 1 times
bkearney mentions:
  @writeontime: 1 times
  @nanpalmero: 1 times
  @regalaffair: 1 times
  @stephromanski: 1 times
lightcoaching mentions:
  @Maalbert: 1 times
  @Lightcoaching: 1 times
draperydiva mentions:
  @poinea: 1 times
  @connietebyani: 1 times
  @valpakcoupons: 1 times
  @jandofabrics: 1 times
  @creativehome: 1 times
  @TracyT10TV: 1 times
mygirlsandy mentions:
  @AttyRodriguez: 1 times
  @bevysmith: 2 times
kchasesimmons mentions:
  @marqueemarc: 1 times
gotky mentions:
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @nupe1K: 1 times
  @lintcj: 1 times
  @gotky: 1 times
  @cougar: 1 times
joyfulbathco mentions:
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @joyfulbathco: 1 times
nemislovexo mentions:
  @samilives4music: 1 times
  @xhomecutiex: 1 times
  @shineonmedia: 1 times
streyeder mentions:
  @LadyGlock: 1 times
lookstat mentions:
  @JoshMaherHere: 1 times
  @kpedraja: 1 times
  @scottporad: 1 times
conceptsguy mentions:
  @motostew: 1 times
  @grahmh: 1 times
  @bekahr: 1 times
aliciasparks mentions:
  @MissBeckala: 1 times
knittingfairy mentions:
  @mrstessyman: 1 times
  @kraftykoala: 1 times
  @jacobsreward: 1 times
  @knitcave1: 1 times
  @abbysyarns: 1 times
  @themamateresa: 1 times
missusp mentions:
  @MackCollier: 1 times
caohaoim mentions:
  @lynj65: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @bobedwards: 1 times
  @timmcdoniel: 1 times
  @RatRaceTrap: 1 times
  @dmataconis: 1 times
  @kikis22: 1 times
lauriesarahlist mentions:
  @poshmama: 1 times
  @myweddingeditor: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @EmmalineBride: 1 times
  @PowerWomenMag: 1 times
  @BBNetwork: 1 times
  @PEOPLEPets: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @ocac: 1 times
perideaudesigns mentions:
  @Rootedinstyle: 1 times
girltrader mentions:
  @BlackmanCapital: 1 times
drumstix mentions:
  @thegeneva: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
hunttalent mentions:
  @MyStageMusic: 1 times
darthelvis mentions:
  @seionwood: 1 times
whereneworleans mentions:
  @sherinola: 1 times
uva_be mentions:
  @Thomas514: 1 times
  @koldobarroso: 1 times
  @faewrae: 1 times
  @eskimotuesday: 1 times
  @mergyeugnau: 1 times
  @qatesiuradewyo: 1 times
  @rockistani: 1 times
datinggirl mentions:
  @eFlirtExpert: 1 times
  @prettygoodstart: 1 times
  @DatingGirl: 1 times
netgear mentions:
  @JuliaKline: 1 times
rompnrollkids mentions:
  @economyheroes: 1 times
  @bonniestwit: 1 times
  @believekids: 1 times
  @tweetva: 1 times
  @mchaseradio: 1 times
  @jimcarper: 1 times
  @bedtimestories: 1 times
  @debce: 1 times
ltd7900 mentions:
  @Luvologist: 1 times
  @LuvAfterDark: 1 times
hlooman mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @hlooman: 1 times
sugarjones mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
follow_steph mentions:
  @EpicureanJourny: 1 times
  @FollowSteph: 1 times
ruthannd mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @mclinklove: 1 times
wbc453 mentions:
  @RichardDParker: 1 times
  @captron1: 1 times
jacknealy mentions:
  @glennhilton: 1 times
  @TheMystifyer: 1 times
  @ladyshyluv: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
  @wierdchina: 1 times
  @jacknealy: 1 times
  @goodguy5: 1 times
yuweiquan mentions:
  @RonHoganYou: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
wheezydaboss mentions:
  @WHEEZYDABOSS: 1 times
  @thewife5: 2 times
  @KBenn87: 1 times
  @TeamElectrikRed: 1 times
  @xSugarHIGH: 1 times
  @ubertwiter: 1 times
  @devonnn: 1 times
  @BriVonDee: 1 times
traceyhill mentions:
  @britl: 1 times
  @mastermaq: 1 times
alyssa_milano mentions:
  @NathanFillion: 1 times
  @arabflakme: 1 times
juriqueza mentions:
  @Shakira: 1 times
  @boninho: 1 times
  @fernandayoung: 1 times
  @VirginAmerica: 1 times
jgtokyo mentions:
  @colingeddes: 1 times
  @outcastmarc: 1 times
bbricke mentions:
  @starlightwriter: 1 times
barrybrowne mentions:
  @untitleddesign: 1 times
  @Tylermortgages: 1 times
brianadkins1 mentions:
  @gibtown: 1 times
bloggertalk mentions:
  @SMSart: 1 times
  @lorimcneeartist: 1 times
laurenbenson mentions:
  @stephanieQH: 1 times
perlstalker mentions:
  @BiasedGirl: 1 times
lilithsaintcrow mentions:
mtuip mentions:
  @joshmaher: 1 times
  @skjekkeland: 1 times
  @danieleason: 1 times
  @storagemonkeys: 1 times
  @storagezilla: 1 times
  @ewantoo: 1 times
  @sharepointbuzz: 1 times
  @hameroff: 1 times
maritegon mentions:
  @rodrigorox: 1 times
  @mandytaa: 1 times
  @MariaLuchini: 1 times
kellymaynash mentions:
  @dotmatt: 1 times
sandwichink mentions:
  @PaulaFarris: 1 times
  @SandwichINK: 1 times
  @DianeGilabert: 1 times
  @BawldGuy: 1 times
  @Ritalynman: 1 times
  @PatinMB: 1 times
  @caregiving: 1 times
  @delmus: 1 times
  @mvchrissy: 1 times
sydnesummer mentions:
  @BlackChandelier: 1 times
  @studioten25: 1 times
  @TiffanyLighting: 1 times
  @SydneSummer: 1 times
  @SograteBBQ: 1 times
  @brydesign: 1 times
  @jonarablu: 1 times
  @PurrfectOne: 1 times
  @marjoriecracked: 1 times
mhuckman mentions:
  @kensweet: 1 times
  @mhuckman: 1 times
epschleichert mentions:
  @chelseagreen: 1 times
alstevens mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
eternalcow mentions:
  @SassyOutwater: 1 times
  @YasmineGalenorn: 1 times
  @gabek: 1 times
  @Outdors: 1 times
  @hollywest: 1 times
violetlilly mentions:
  @Linc4justice: 1 times
  @violetlilly: 1 times
cjb_productions mentions:
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
  @mattsturges: 1 times
  @CBCebulski: 1 times
  @gimpnelly: 1 times
  @jesusreyes: 1 times
  @swands: 1 times
  @Comixace: 1 times
  @JasonEmbury: 1 times
  @JoeMulv: 1 times
  @mitchweinfeld: 1 times
redmaya mentions:
  @laname: 1 times
artargenio mentions:
  @ConservaTeacher: 1 times
  @TCTaxTeaParty: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
  @BryanLongworth: 1 times
  @ArtArgenio: 1 times
  @MarcoRubio: 1 times
  @AFasterPC: 1 times
  @supermancoach: 1 times
  @wandasanchez: 1 times
hardincentral mentions:
  @ManlysRepublic: 1 times
  @sdiverjack: 2 times
  @ZAPEM: 1 times
  @hardincentral: 1 times
daverobison mentions:
  @RedSquareVickiB: 1 times
paul_steele mentions:
  @TasminArcher: 1 times
lorimcneeartist mentions:
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @AmericanArtist: 1 times
  @ParkWestGal: 1 times
  @ArtNews: 1 times
88links mentions:
  @brookiellenfollowfriday@handmadeinpa: 1 times
  @stephaniecorfee: 1 times
  @HodgePodgery: 1 times
  @88Links: 1 times
  @thepointneedle: 1 times
  @RosiesWhimsy: 1 times
  @Weezawear: 1 times
  @thepaintedman: 1 times
amrijohnson mentions:
  @SmeadSoft: 1 times
  @SHRMcoo: 1 times
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
  @CareerBuilderPR: 1 times
  @PolyPlacements: 1 times
  @workforce101Thanks: 1 times
chopped50ford mentions:
  @jimmybradley: 1 times
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @DustyReagan: 1 times
  @shultquist: 1 times
  @BillCrosby: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @Battleborne: 1 times
  @ajupresident: 1 times
_disco mentions:
  @photowired: 1 times
yourtruthwithin mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
ulizes mentions:
  @sangelle: 1 times
  @lauradark: 1 times
  @nemuxos: 1 times
billbrauk mentions:
  @lameymacdonald: 1 times
  @nikko11: 1 times
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
  @JanetVanderhoof: 1 times
  @Artrep1: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @billbrauk: 1 times
  @lizamyers: 1 times
  @Winsorandnewt: 1 times
thomasdral mentions:
  @supestw: 1 times
icfj mentions:
  @IWMF: 1 times
  @Internews: 1 times
  @webbmedia: 1 times
  @ijnet: 1 times
  @icfj: 1 times
  @hrw: 1 times
  @ona09: 1 times
  @nahj: 1 times
mikemundell mentions:
  @jenkin7NICK: 1 times
  @MikeMundell: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @anamstudios: 1 times
  @MasterMindCoach: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @centralnm: 1 times
  @RobAPowell: 1 times
rob3taylor mentions:
  @Shawnie87: 1 times
  @MsAJC: 1 times
  @Rob3Taylor: 1 times
  @ItalyJames: 1 times
  @InfamousChris: 1 times
  @Mistah614: 1 times
  @Dayday07: 1 times
uasuadvocacy mentions:
  @uasuvpexternal: 1 times
  @aratisharma: 1 times
  @spencerian: 1 times
  @jillianflake: 1 times
  @ricktheis: 1 times
craigkessler mentions:
  @adrielhampton: 1 times
swish mentions:
  @BrianSwisher: 1 times
michele_lucas mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @TonerForAutism: 1 times
  @cressycat: 1 times
  @michelelucas: 1 times
  @ilikedogsbook: 1 times
  @blessanimals: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @AngelsforAnimal: 1 times
blogsash mentions:
  @schousy: 1 times
  @slith76: 1 times
  @ndeviltv: 1 times
  @krankenkassen: 1 times
  @jaxxo: 1 times
  @mobiFlip: 1 times
  @vladperun: 1 times
  @vvallo: 1 times
  @darktreede: 1 times
  @einpraegsam: 1 times
  @SOSblogger: 1 times
ebenoit mentions:
  @TheRealJRETT: 1 times
lyricallala7 mentions:
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @Twanwho: 1 times
  @EmmoLei: 1 times
  @DJLouieRay: 1 times
  @Kreme803: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @ThisIsSkyzMuzik: 1 times
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @LyricalLala7: 1 times
joshfullermusic mentions:
  @SweetgrassMusic: 1 times
  @guitchick: 1 times
  @danireich: 1 times
  @JGrassman: 1 times
  @joshfullermusic: 1 times
  @elliotcole: 1 times
xratzfatzx mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
koodooz mentions:
  @FeliciaBurns: 1 times
  @Aaroncohen777: 1 times
  @Charitywater: 1 times
  @kivilm: 1 times
  @KooDooZ: 1 times
  @Idealist: 1 times
  @HartmanHouse: 1 times
  @ScottHarrison: 1 times
mrscocochanel mentions:
  @MsTee702: 1 times
  @mscristal: 1 times
  @breefirst: 1 times
  @chabling: 1 times
  @mrscocochanelltltltltltltlt: 1 times
rainergs mentions:
  @DanTanner: 1 times
stevomoviemaker mentions:
  @scorpiontheater: 1 times
  @caffeinezone: 1 times
  @MLMPrelaunch: 1 times
  @aritheheiress: 1 times
  @capig57: 1 times
janbmulder mentions:
  @thomaspower: 1 times
  @glennwatkins: 1 times
  @pennypower: 1 times
  @williambuist: 1 times
  @julianbond: 1 times
cleencell mentions:
  @openthink2: 1 times
  @louiebaur: 1 times
  @pingpants: 1 times
  @Jenocide312: 1 times
  @trinityjr: 1 times
  @AmyVernon: 1 times
  @absolut: 1 times
minerveca mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
dineenjean mentions:
  @CleenCell: 1 times
  @ceumorais: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @slegard: 1 times
  @strombo: 1 times
  @The: 1 times
nantucketartist mentions:
albaman2 mentions:
  @scotsites: 1 times
  @ScottishVoices: 1 times
  @StormOutdoors: 1 times
  @SurvivalHive: 1 times
  @Survivalspot: 1 times
  @Survivalviking: 1 times
  @thecampingforum: 1 times
  @TheGreenWelly: 1 times
inspiredwriter mentions:
  @BeeChrissycreative: 1 times
  @inspiredwriter: 1 times
  @starshyne: 1 times
  @lisasonorabeam: 1 times
  @artizencoaching: 1 times
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @LamoreauxArt: 1 times
ssmirnov mentions:
  @shellykramer: 1 times
  @jaycosnett: 1 times
shawnie87 mentions:
  @Shawnie87: 1 times
  @MsAJC: 1 times
  @Rob3Taylor: 1 times
  @ItalyJames: 1 times
  @InfamousChris: 1 times
  @Mistah614: 1 times
  @Dayday07: 1 times
morganswndrlnd mentions:
plaintruthiness mentions:
  @johnsancheznyc: 1 times
magicmoment32 mentions:
  @reallamarodom: 1 times
  @derekfisher: 1 times
  @sashavujacic: 1 times
  @tariza: 1 times
  @jeaniebuss: 1 times
  @lakers: 1 times
  @dwighthoward: 1 times
pmcphedran mentions:
  @greenshag: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
nanmex mentions:
psartoretto mentions:
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
katelinlee mentions:
  @MayorSamAdams: 1 times
  @oregonballet: 1 times
  @MuseumModernArt: 1 times
manostorgo mentions:
rawrsomesauce mentions:
  @Daroesb: 1 times
spproductions mentions:
  @kingboola: 1 times
  @Monee: 1 times
  @VISpandex: 1 times
  @TheOnlyTFG: 1 times
  @BBerries: 1 times
  @MF213: 1 times
  @shercole: 1 times
  @wethewest: 1 times
  @RdigitalPhoto: 1 times
  @MISSNBPASSION: 1 times
dreamwithfaith mentions:
  @wyclef: 1 times
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
pattib22 mentions:
  @cestbeth: 1 times
  @elliottdotorg: 1 times
  @pattib22: 1 times
  @SteveHaweeli: 1 times
  @Gretchyn: 1 times
  @ChristinaBly: 1 times
jgadfly mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
brianarn mentions:
  @Scootles7: 1 times
  @TW1TTERTRACKER: 1 times
chantaltiffani mentions:
  @SamiIzADymond: 1 times
baltimorehumane mentions:
  @Practicew: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @ChitaHearse: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @BarkRadio: 1 times
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @Buddhagyrl: 1 times
  @amandaspetcare: 1 times
centxrealtor mentions:
  @YourTruthWithin: 1 times
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @DARRENHARDY: 1 times
  @AnthonyMcMurray: 1 times
  @MiraclesArtwork: 1 times
  @GlobalFit: 1 times
  @louhhh: 1 times
svucrew mentions:
  @mickbetancourt: 2 times
  @dianeneal: 1 times
  @nealbaer: 1 times
  @svugerbil: 1 times
dcgang mentions:
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @zendragondesign: 1 times
  @dcgang: 1 times
  @laceysfire: 1 times
  @bhraahm: 1 times
  @rahsofly: 1 times
  @talktodiane: 1 times
  @damnyo4000: 1 times
  @supergirl: 1 times
  @travisvincent: 1 times
carl_ingalls mentions:
  @KarenMaunuLWB: 1 times
  @Ponet: 1 times
  @ibeatcancrtwice: 1 times
bkel mentions:
  @sondrasondra: 1 times
  @nortononline: 1 times
annasite mentions:
  @GoldyMom: 1 times
  @RashadHouston: 1 times
  @LesleyM: 1 times
  @jcx27: 1 times
  @MoodlesMom: 1 times
  @lighthousenews: 1 times
  @CindyMO: 1 times
  @pameladetlo: 1 times
  @brwnidgrl: 1 times
ltb_1 mentions:
  @undertheradar: 1 times
  @wearefindogask: 1 times
  @trappedinkansas: 1 times
  @bananasessions: 1 times
  @Beerjacket: 1 times
  @thewhiskyworks: 1 times
  @dupec: 1 times
mmangen mentions:
  @curtisfinancial: 1 times
  @XocolateBar: 1 times
animedj mentions:
  @peteyphoto: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
pinkribbonwendi mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
countryinnclive mentions:
  @TCHotelDeals: 1 times
  @MMGWorks: 1 times
  @CountryInnbkfl: 1 times
  @CheddarsClive: 1 times
  @thefirkinpub: 1 times
patrick_grady mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
susandetwiler mentions:
  @jessclevergirl: 1 times
  @tippingptmedia: 1 times
  @ploked: 1 times
  @jolilore: 1 times
kingvinyl mentions:
  @KingVinyl: 1 times
  @virgoexclusive: 1 times
  @genjadeshade: 1 times
  @kimberlychanel: 1 times
  @KarmaVixen: 1 times
  @debbieann77: 1 times
  @LivImprov: 1 times
  @IamCene: 1 times
mathiayus mentions:
  @TheTLady: 1 times
  @VansWarpedLA: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @Laura330: 1 times
  @TeeTwitty: 1 times
  @scotlandlover: 1 times
lauradark mentions:
  @nullcool: 1 times
goplanit mentions:
  @wendyperrin: 1 times
  @HeatherPoole: 1 times
  @TiffanyStrobel: 1 times
  @Nancydbrown: 1 times
  @jenleo: 1 times
waitresstails mentions:
  @wyldceltic1: 1 times
  @ginacaps: 1 times
  @honeydrop74: 1 times
tweepop mentions:
captainclapton mentions:
  @loveofscienceFollowFriday: 1 times
  @buckdenton: 1 times
  @captainclapton: 1 times
  @theecoist: 1 times
  @HelpSaveBees: 1 times
peargirly mentions:
  @apsfa: 1 times
emofford mentions:
  @WVitoM: 1 times
  @kimcastle: 1 times
jwcorbett mentions:
  @GlennAndrew: 1 times
  @jwcorbett: 1 times
  @bradszollose: 1 times
  @dustyedwards: 1 times
  @robgnelson: 1 times
  @andreakalli: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @jimturner: 1 times
  @marketingwizard: 1 times
spiritcoach mentions:
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @chrisgarrett: 1 times
  @lesleymorgan: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
43kixsandiego mentions:
  @43kixAtlanta: 1 times
  @43KIXMinneapolis: 1 times
  @43kixLosAngeles: 1 times
  @43KixFL: 1 times
  @43kixDC: 1 times
  @43kixChicago: 1 times
  @43kixNYC: 1 times
carriehill mentions:
  @sallymander: 1 times
rooftrouser mentions:
  @LolaRacer: 1 times
  @auto123racing: 1 times
  @autosportnews: 1 times
redheadwriting mentions:
  @InvestorLoft: 1 times
rubygold mentions:
  @iEllie: 1 times
greyeyesgabriel mentions:
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @thenightwriter: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @genejm29: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
infovestment mentions:
  @Adrigonzo: 2 times
pineapplebabble mentions:
  @sweatpantsmom: 1 times
  @kristaU: 1 times
  @breedemandweep: 1 times
  @thecaffeinatrix: 1 times
  @natalieblick: 1 times
  @luckychristi: 1 times
  @scottmassey: 1 times
  @girlsgonechild: 1 times
  @kbookey: 1 times
joycelayman mentions:
  @rickross10: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @bizshrink: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @KitCooper: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
  @willardcmorgan3: 1 times
ericbeard mentions:
  @reddsmitty: 1 times
  @RitchardFewell: 1 times
  @lareedraper: 1 times
  @chicBuds: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @britishgirl: 1 times
ibeatcancrtwice mentions:
  @CarlIngalls: 1 times
  @Ponet: 1 times
  @ibeatcancrtwice: 1 times
allisonm610 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @officetally: 1 times
  @dormlife: 1 times
  @realjohngreen: 1 times
imbryan mentions:
michelchagall mentions:
  @NinaAmir: 1 times
pilonbignell mentions:
  @Pawsville: 1 times
  @DaMaHug: 1 times
  @PetsKidsLeisure: 1 times
  @Sophiescause: 1 times
  @SarahBoBoSnacks: 1 times
  @RosieBassett: 1 times
  @barkworthynews: 1 times
  @wrigle: 1 times
zsazsa mentions:
  @tugglmatt: 1 times
  @tuggl: 1 times
thepacificocean mentions:
  @thankyouocean: 1 times
  @nrdc: 1 times
  @thequeenmary: 1 times
jeremymorgan mentions:
  @bemyinsured: 1 times
  @PVE67: 1 times
  @TrinityAnderson: 1 times
  @GoalsCoach: 1 times
  @NunoPolonia: 1 times
  @LuxyBby07: 1 times
  @vpennino: 1 times
debrasnider mentions:
  @RaulRamos: 1 times
  @rebeccacoffey: 1 times
laydeetwisted mentions:
  @Adrieono: 1 times
  @NEEFFRESH: 1 times
  @CViXxXen: 1 times
  @scmckin: 1 times
  @LayDeeTwisted: 1 times
  @mischamouse: 1 times
  @ColdHeartedChiQ: 1 times
msapprehensive mentions:
  @karahleigh: 1 times
  @meggytron: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @SuperWiki: 1 times
  @PersianChief: 1 times
  @greenorigami: 1 times
  @FaithOfAChild: 1 times
  @DAVIDLYNCH: 1 times
itsracheltime mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
eterknity mentions:
  @daisyspetals: 1 times
  @fashiontouch: 1 times
  @dellakay: 1 times
  @CreateandInvent: 1 times
  @SmuTopiaJewelry: 1 times
  @EterKnity: 1 times
  @AWDawno: 1 times
  @Hollymark: 1 times
  @artbynemo: 1 times
85lives mentions:
  @sthig: 1 times
bgtheory mentions:
  @digitalalex: 1 times
  @clickequations: 1 times
  @avinashkaushik: 1 times
  @bgtheory: 1 times
  @seangolliher: 1 times
  @lorenbaker: 1 times
  @jimsterne: 1 times
cidermaker mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
turquoize_eyez mentions:
  @Timberwolf123: 1 times
  @isabellestravel: 1 times
  @bethlayne: 1 times
  @earthlifeshop: 1 times
  @puregoldfriends: 1 times
  @turquoizeeyez: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @peachiepoodle: 1 times
setla mentions:
  @agentv: 1 times
  @ExitStageLeft: 1 times
  @setla: 1 times
  @ItDonnedOnMe: 1 times
  @48HourFilmProj: 1 times
cocktailgroove mentions:
  @CarolineonCrack: 1 times
  @estarla: 1 times
  @happygomarni: 1 times
  @LAOCFoodie: 1 times
  @shopeatsleep: 1 times
  @TheLiquidMuse@TheLiquidMuse: 1 times
fisherofmen mentions:
  @KevinLBurke: 1 times
  @fisherofmen: 1 times
  @Stillrockin: 1 times
  @microblog4crm: 1 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @philstratton: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
jeffreycohen mentions:
  @asimkovsky: 1 times
  @snipeyhead: 1 times
  @kenneth: 1 times
  @thedudedean: 1 times
  @modulista: 1 times
  @jeffreycohen: 1 times
  @bsoler: 1 times
  @alexdc: 1 times
kammiek mentions:
  @MsManagr: 2 times
kimberlekelly mentions:
  @uberdragon: 1 times
titianblonde mentions:
  @jhiggins: 1 times
  @creighdeeds: 1 times
  @jodywagner: 1 times
  @steveshannon: 1 times
  @arlingtondems: 1 times
freedomdaug mentions:
  @YesBiscuit: 1 times
mvpf mentions:
taylormcfly mentions:
  @allymcfly: 1 times
  @VeraaCorruptedx: 1 times
  @rachelmcfly: 1 times
  @daniiimcfly: 1 times
  @lishiemcfly: 1 times
  @FantasyParade: 1 times
  @mcflymusic: 1 times
  @jonasbrothers: 1 times
vincentwright mentions:
  @YogaJournal: 1 times
  @Durgamaa: 1 times
  @YogaDirect: 1 times
  @sagetree: 1 times
  @yogadork: 1 times
  @RockMySoles: 1 times
  @YogaBear: 1 times
  @ElephantJournal: 1 times
zmikko mentions:
  @pir8gold: 1 times
souf_chic mentions:
  @SoufChic: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @SerendipityJane: 1 times
ebmradio mentions:
  @JoeyFashion: 1 times
  @tarabusch: 1 times
  @HeyPeterman: 1 times
  @dirtybrown: 1 times
  @ebmradio: 1 times
  @dhradio: 1 times
  @cygnostik: 1 times
  @metropolisrec: 1 times
  @julienk: 1 times
jongal mentions:
  @tallgalinfo: 1 times
  @tallclothingmal: 1 times
gail666 mentions:
  @TheFlaCracker: 1 times
  @davidplexco: 1 times
  @Cis826: 1 times
  @DonGoyo29: 1 times
  @JoSHSHeP: 1 times
  @CClinger: 1 times
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
  @PatriotInExile: 1 times
paddlegirl mentions:
  @nortononline: 1 times
gingerchildren mentions:
  @batusiagogo: 1 times
  @stephiegrub: 1 times
dysarrae mentions:
  @jerseypumpkin: 1 times
  @smileitashley: 1 times
  @Irishfrostdrake: 1 times
harrison314 mentions:
  @whatdayathink: 1 times
  @theadividual: 1 times
  @pathofreason: 1 times
winecliq mentions:
  @WineHarlots: 1 times
  @WeekendWino: 1 times
  @alawine: 1 times
  @gonzogastronomy: 1 times
  @jacunivac: 1 times
  @Linderelli: 1 times
  @DivaTink: 1 times
filthyparty mentions:
prnick mentions:
  @omnimount: 1 times
  @resisys: 1 times
  @Dealerscope: 1 times
  @juliejacobson: 1 times
  @TWICEonline: 1 times
  @LuxuryCE: 1 times
  @SCNmag: 1 times
treypennington mentions:
  @tweetinvites: 1 times
redneckmommy mentions:
  @badassdadblogI: 1 times
stella4me mentions:
  @anorthernsoul: 1 times
indienation mentions:
  @NxEW: 1 times
  @bornruffians: 1 times
  @craignorriscbc: 1 times
  @maplemusicrecs: 1 times
  @patrickwatson: 1 times
  @woodpigeontweet: 1 times
  @bettrthanthevan: 1 times
madrespeaks mentions:
  @jolkona: 1 times
edwardsheroin mentions:
  @MrsEmilyUley: 1 times
  @WolfGirlRachel: 1 times
  @WolfGirlClaire: 1 times
  @SethsMaisy: 1 times
  @LochNessCullen: 1 times
blue_rose mentions:
  @Tremas: 1 times
  @SigmaTheta: 1 times
popsquire mentions:
  @itsonalexa: 1 times
  @rbrockington: 1 times
  @leisalesia: 1 times
  @mnrmg: 1 times
  @poorbritney: 1 times
  @elienyc: 1 times
  @mopage721: 1 times
  @icydk: 1 times
  @popbytes: 1 times
nikkiburdine mentions:
  @BlairDC: 1 times
  @chrisabraham: 1 times
  @lizwhite23: 1 times
  @albrightdc: 1 times
  @nicoleprexec: 1 times
  @alaaro: 1 times
  @nakeva: 1 times
  @nikkiburdine: 1 times
shae75 mentions:
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @drakoboy: 1 times
  @CMV420: 1 times
  @Drizzle772: 1 times
  @ChrisRobson: 1 times
  @mmccannmoo: 1 times
  @shae75: 1 times
scarletmandy mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
thespottedolive mentions:
  @jamiecreates: 1 times
bnipioneer mentions:
  @fast180: 1 times
  @BNIpioneer: 1 times
  @markhorner: 1 times
mzbrowneyez901 mentions:
  @freshalina: 1 times
stefaniya mentions:
  @sdtips: 1 times
  @balboaPark: 1 times
  @OldGlobe: 1 times
  @SDNHM: 1 times
  @SDMA: 1 times
  @SanDiegoZoo: 1 times
  @sandiegowire: 1 times
  @SDFair: 1 times
  @fleetscience: 1 times
rprather mentions:
  @HRCBackStory: 1 times
puregoldfriends mentions:
  @WagsnWellness: 1 times
  @smallbatchpets: 1 times
  @drharvey: 1 times
  @pacocollars: 1 times
  @theartofdog: 1 times
  @dogtipper: 1 times
  @k9connexions: 1 times
alwaysfab mentions:
  @imatrimony: 1 times
  @chicweddinggeek: 1 times
kimvallee mentions:
  @HomeSavvi: 1 times
  @hgtvofficial: 1 times
  @HGTVFrontDoor: 1 times
  @sabrinasoto: 1 times
  @hgtweetv: 1 times
  @hgtvdreamhome: 1 times
  @hgtvcanada: 1 times
  @HGTVGreenHome: 1 times
txroadshow mentions:
  @nanpalmero: 1 times
  @vidluther: 1 times
  @kevj: 1 times
lagitana10 mentions:
bardsong mentions:
  @moirarogersbree: 1 times
  @missprimavera: 1 times
  @mektastic: 1 times
  @wesderby: 1 times
  @jenthegingerkid: 1 times
  @annaguirre: 1 times
oenorg mentions:
  @JeanAnnVK: 1 times
beautyrx mentions:
  @creativitycafe: 1 times
lawrence_thomas mentions:
  @BonnieJohnson: 1 times
chefnme mentions:
  @mscross245: 1 times
  @GrownFolksMusic: 1 times
  @Amandadiva: 1 times
  @Wife2Debear: 1 times
  @KoolDJRedAlert: 1 times
  @ChefnMe: 1 times
  @4RadicalPraize: 1 times
  @MrEdL: 1 times
marthagiffen mentions:
  @balmeras: 1 times
purplepopple mentions:
  @EDOfficial: 1 times
  @edsucks: 1 times
themooring mentions:
  @SmallBizBee: 1 times
  @smallbizstudio: 1 times
  @smallbiztrends: 1 times
  @smallbusiness: 1 times
  @ducttape: 1 times
totally_toni mentions:
  @nikkid13: 1 times
  @momRN: 1 times
  @iambrimful: 1 times
  @frugaliciousmom: 1 times
  @chicmommyusa: 1 times
  @knitpurlgirl: 1 times
  @RachelFerrucci: 1 times
  @bookieboo: 1 times
  @forestfrolic: 1 times
knucklesunited mentions:
  @cracked: 1 times
  @COEDMagazine: 1 times
  @SickPigs: 1 times
  @Asylumdotcom: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @iheartchaos: 1 times
  @zekethesquirrel: 1 times
4as mentions:
  @GrandInc: 1 times
jlanie mentions:
  @courtndisaster: 1 times
jade_stone mentions:
  @PushPlayDEREK: 1 times
  @PushPlayNICK: 1 times
  @PushPlaySTEVE: 1 times
  @PushPlayCJ: 1 times
bubbadharma mentions:
  @bpluv: 1 times
  @onebrightpearl: 1 times
  @MarcyRubin: 1 times
  @6forPeace: 1 times
  @kooder: 1 times
  @eaglesflite: 1 times
  @ExBPBuddhist: 1 times
  @boomstone: 1 times
anfoc mentions:
  @felipereira: 1 times
  @verocs: 1 times
  @jaheaga: 1 times
ozark_sky mentions:
  @hashobama: 1 times
  @pennycrosson: 1 times
  @thegre81: 1 times
  @momsprissy: 1 times
  @hughett: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @stevesjc: 1 times
jimsutton5 mentions:
  @SusanOrchard: 1 times
analysedurisque mentions:
  @pascaleSoucy: 1 times
  @helpnetsecurity: 1 times
  @ginades: 1 times
  @RCCarnetTechno: 1 times
  @DenisTalbot: 1 times
mweb1 mentions:
  @mobiledivide: 1 times
  @freshplastic: 1 times
  @atmasphere: 1 times
  @markwaugh: 1 times
  @michelledh: 1 times
  @arien617: 1 times
  @tiggerbounce80: 1 times
thetlady mentions:
  @foreverjohnson: 1 times
  @familytreewritr: 1 times
  @acowboyswife: 1 times
  @thequeenmommy: 1 times
  @erinhill555: 1 times
  @jamieharrington: 1 times
  @kellymccausey: 1 times
  @AngieGreen: 1 times
serennu mentions:
  @Researcher11: 1 times
eg75 mentions:
  @TheLeither: 1 times
  @ayenomaybe: 1 times
  @caledoniaman: 1 times
  @mykl4: 1 times
  @louislouis66: 1 times
dylanmaustin mentions:
  @supppashley: 1 times
mkpelland mentions:
  @Seniors4Living: 1 times
  @mkpelland: 1 times
malty_k mentions:
  @powlsy: 1 times
  @theduty: 1 times
melvinferrer mentions:
  @daNanner: 1 times
illcamille mentions:
  @streetgoddess: 1 times
  @mstiffblack: 1 times
  @socalvixen: 1 times
  @illcamille: 1 times
  @keishanicole: 1 times
  @shontelsherrea: 1 times
  @mzrayrae: 1 times
  @Dezidez: 1 times
  @susie74: 1 times
urbandecorsue mentions:
  @kathyireland: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
  @healministries: 1 times
  @ImagineHome: 1 times
  @DeAnnaCochran: 1 times
codoherty mentions:
  @ryanodoherty: 1 times
  @queenofshops: 1 times
  @thereallibnolan: 1 times
  @reallisashaw: 1 times
operninha mentions:
  @vivoviajando: 1 times
  @erickpessoa: 1 times
  @indistinguivel: 1 times
  @pstockinger: 1 times
  @rachelbarbosa: 1 times
  @tarjapretagirl: 1 times
  @juarezz: 1 times
  @alinnemello: 1 times
  @tcoutinho: 1 times
deefamouss mentions:
  @rhymeskillzprod: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 2 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @kappa704: 1 times
  @deefamouss: 1 times
lulugirl1230 mentions:
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @lulugirl1230: 1 times
  @MikeK6ICS: 1 times
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @StubbornFacts: 1 times
  @MomRN: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
luckynando mentions:
  @teasastips: 1 times
  @LuckyNando: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @bandyt88: 1 times
  @Exercise2Fitnes: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sobonwine mentions:
  @VinoLuci: 1 times
  @winewonkette: 1 times
  @sobonwine: 1 times
airamr mentions:
  @moonfrye: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @amberbenson: 1 times
  @julietlandau: 1 times
  @DENISERICHARDS: 1 times
  @KendraWilkinson: 1 times
  @BunnyBridget: 1 times
fibenymph mentions:
  @KarinasKitchen: 1 times
  @glutenfreegirl: 1 times
  @glutenfreefox: 1 times
  @gfveg: 1 times
westeross mentions:
  @stephanosis: 1 times
  @westeross: 1 times
  @semiol: 1 times
  @shadowsaber1: 1 times
  @bigdaws: 1 times
  @bass: 1 times
  @richardgable: 1 times
  @andybasildon: 1 times
ottokin mentions:
  @swiftbusiness: 1 times
  @sussexwriter: 1 times
  @bookkeeperSC: 1 times
  @resortpaint: 1 times
  @ottokin: 1 times
kg_creative mentions:
  @db: 1 times
metalmelodique mentions:
  @JPRocks: 1 times
  @coldsubject: 1 times
  @NeilH73: 1 times
  @bkelley: 1 times
  @SADAKo01: 1 times
  @crushtor: 1 times
  @ChronofChaos: 1 times
  @ThrashHits: 1 times
  @unholyhole: 1 times
  @mrrocknroll: 1 times
stickycarrots mentions:
  @ASCjoellio: 1 times
  @stickycarrots: 1 times
  @chgoodwin: 1 times
  @slv35: 1 times
  @KeithDriscoll: 1 times
  @LemuelaFWolfso: 1 times
  @shoemoney: 1 times
  @TSElliott: 1 times
bikobaker mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
lianas mentions:
  @coryripley: 1 times
  @galoera: 1 times
  @LIANAS: 1 times
  @kirstinbutler: 1 times
  @onefloorup: 1 times
  @AveNatura: 1 times
  @NOTCOT: 1 times
  @semmerson: 1 times
ladyproducher mentions:
williamdegraaf mentions:
shelbyknox mentions:
  @DocPowers: 1 times
  @jennpozner: 1 times
fmkohn mentions:
  @RodolfoRMarques: 1 times
  @hugomello: 1 times
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
  @BrunoSwell: 1 times
  @GFlorees: 1 times
  @TatiSanchesT: 1 times
  @RachelKrishna: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
  @Bemcapaz: 1 times
nutritiousfeast mentions:
  @MLJadoptions: 1 times
bor64 mentions:
  @Zeke213: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @gregghall: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @daleloflin: 1 times
  @RickySantos: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @executive321: 1 times
ryannflynn mentions:
  @darrellwhitelaw: 1 times
  @exitcreative: 1 times
  @farleyideas: 1 times
  @buysellads: 1 times
  @londonproject: 1 times
  @eproulx: 1 times
steverino56 mentions:
  @Gerrigee: 1 times
lauriehardy mentions:
  @paulbarron: 1 times
  @ashleycallahan: 1 times
  @samiam007: 1 times
  @kbzon: 1 times
  @karengraham: 1 times
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
  @dragoncade: 1 times
haradsul mentions:
  @tbhpcksmlcgl: 1 times
  @cemobfgfukxf: 1 times
  @xrdagqhpdphy: 1 times
  @pfgvgxditjsl: 1 times
  @yejobaheqquy: 1 times
  @gnqqpeyygqfw: 2 times
  @srciddmygdka: 1 times
  @grwysifqdjal: 1 times
lockedown815 mentions:
  @trentreznor: 1 times
  @mariqueen: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
jeffpastor mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @nansen: 1 times
  @toddeherman: 1 times
barron00 mentions:
  @tinatessina: 1 times
  @daNanner: 1 times
  @RichardMarini: 1 times
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
  @feelgoodguru: 1 times
  @TheCon: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
  @LisaCollierCool: 1 times
joeyawesome mentions:
  @ianklassen: 1 times
navneethshenoy mentions:
  @kcline: 1 times
  @NavneethShenoy: 1 times
  @jlhphoto: 1 times
  @AdoramaPix: 1 times
  @cArtPhotography: 1 times
  @annhamilton: 1 times
  @LookStat: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
npwrites mentions:
  @lale: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @allyclark: 1 times
musicon1110 mentions:
  @Justifier: 1 times
se7en_vandalay mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
gekkemeneer mentions:
  @KittyKunkeler: 1 times
gothcupcake mentions:
  @TheRealElvira@synthseduction@piercedbrat@GourmetCupcake: 1 times
darraez mentions:
  @succexxyy: 1 times
  @webjac: 1 times
  @vortexhunter: 1 times
  @darraez: 1 times
  @chiguirebipolar: 1 times
  @thisissethsblog: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
c3createconnect mentions:
  @justinrains: 1 times
  @danieljohnsonjr: 1 times
  @jeannebernish: 1 times
tm5k mentions:
  @JohnPiper: 1 times
yofia mentions:
  @ericvolz: 1 times
noknockout mentions:
  @HDNet: 1 times
  @mcuban: 1 times
  @ROHonHDNet: 1 times
  @magnoliapics: 1 times
  @rkruck: 1 times
  @danratherreport: 1 times
  @MMAJunkie: 1 times
  @MMAJunkieDann: 1 times
littlesoles mentions:
  @thesoftlanding: 1 times
  @thesmartmama: 1 times
  @chej: 1 times
  @greenmom: 1 times
  @nnus: 1 times
  @safemama: 1 times
  @newandgreenbaby: 1 times
  @HealthyStuff: 1 times
  @WAToxics: 1 times
suzanne_mcleod mentions:
  @davidmbarnett: 1 times
clarekelway mentions:
laoden mentions:
  @KevinRay: 1 times
amy_z mentions:
  @PixelProject: 1 times
  @djpoptart: 1 times
  @bluebonnetfield: 1 times
  @BraveryProject: 1 times
  @KingdomGuard: 1 times
  @nonnoenzo: 1 times
  @karcyr: 1 times
jldavid mentions:
  @JoshMaher: 1 times
  @dboynton: 1 times
  @jbristowe: 1 times
  @cwoodruff: 1 times
  @hotelmax: 1 times
  @leac: 1 times
  @joxley: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @achickenfoot: 1 times
  @beingswell: 1 times
  @oneangrymother: 1 times
tissheilah mentions:
  @giclee: 1 times
  @Micalanne: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @hellinahandbag: 1 times
  @ksantini: 1 times
  @catawu: 1 times
  @photonaturalist: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @polymath22: 1 times
  @ArtemisHistory: 1 times
rnconsult mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @JHSty: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Ekkekkorecords: 1 times
  @powerwriter: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
marquel1823 mentions:
  @MumofSix: 1 times
  @fjkeogh: 1 times
  @mizzlizwhizz: 1 times
  @PaceyGorilla: 1 times
  @Welshracer: 1 times
  @nctcog: 1 times
  @dabreakradio: 1 times
  @marquel1823a: 1 times
phillygg mentions:
  @Daddy4Dior: 1 times
  @BaddestnLA: 1 times
  @Dorkmuffin36: 1 times
  @NERiSSAxMARiE: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @iamdre: 1 times
  @PROPAGANDAWARS: 1 times
  @BKsJustO: 1 times
  @PhillyGG: 1 times
wahuwendy mentions:
  @joeysmith: 1 times
ajhab mentions:
  @JustUrAvgJoe: 1 times
mikemimik mentions:
  @palanski: 1 times
coolmompicks mentions:
  @susanw: 1 times
justinself mentions:
  @daniellenicole: 1 times
  @bramr1: 1 times
  @addamh: 1 times
  @leeea: 1 times
elfennau mentions:
  @LodurZJ: 1 times
  @pikestaff: 1 times
  @greyseer: 1 times
  @brigwyn: 1 times
  @superkathoid: 1 times
  @Kreeoni: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @omgitsafox: 1 times
  @kirikitten: 1 times
  @ferretthimself: 1 times
flygirl737700 mentions:
  @FlyingPhotog: 1 times
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
  @binhog737: 1 times
  @Chanceb737: 1 times
  @airmech737: 1 times
  @WN737FlyGirl: 1 times
  @Mark737: 1 times
sartorialsare mentions:
  @nerdist: 1 times
  @themoment: 1 times
  @thewoodyshow: 1 times
itizwutitizz mentions:
  @NerdwithSwag: 1 times
  @DreamHampton: 1 times
imacog mentions:
  @arkstar17: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @cjdkc: 1 times
  @robertfreedland: 1 times
  @TheCPO: 1 times
mvk mentions:
  @timibumatay: 1 times
gadgetmang mentions:
  @balboaPark: 1 times
  @SDNHM: 1 times
  @SanDiegoZoo: 1 times
  @fleetscience: 1 times
  @OldGlobe: 1 times
  @SDMA: 1 times
butterflykisser mentions:
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
managerservices mentions:
  @jeb0921: 1 times
  @QBICNcubator: 1 times
  @KimberlyYvone: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @SAMFORCE: 1 times
romez mentions:
  @dkaplun: 1 times
catpow3r mentions:
  @ficcionalizando: 1 times
logfan_10k mentions:
  @Postabargain: 1 times
sustainablecomm mentions:
  @VermontTweeter: 1 times
  @VermontFoodbank: 1 times
  @HathawayFarm: 1 times
  @westonplayhouse: 1 times
  @AllenBrosFarms: 1 times
  @BizInVermont: 1 times
edwardnet mentions:
  @DAREvolutionary: 1 times
  @MichaelShatz: 1 times
  @beauche: 1 times
  @FoxyHotSawce: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @kchasesimmons: 1 times
  @Audnumber: 1 times
  @jilloatmeal: 1 times
susanarmartins mentions:
  @pedroteich: 1 times
  @claudiaccsousa: 1 times
brunette01 mentions:
  @kovshenin: 1 times
  @soulseekah: 1 times
friedriches mentions:
  @mattbooshwaa: 2 times
joelkelly mentions:
  @schallner: 1 times
dawnlangstroth mentions:
  @glammaink: 1 times
trevmc mentions:
  @billbolden: 1 times
  @manufans: 1 times
  @jimmywhite09: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @tsrawal: 1 times
  @gamerchixkelly: 1 times
  @mccormackclan: 1 times
jennawrites mentions:
  @lifeofarockstar: 1 times
  @jennaschnuer: 1 times
  @thingsmomslike: 1 times
  @chicagomomma: 1 times
  @funkychickeroo: 1 times
  @kandismoye: 1 times
maxmoriss mentions:
  @maxmoriss: 1 times
kateslater1 mentions:
  @arlloyd: 1 times
  @richardwiseman: 1 times
  @northeasttweets: 1 times
  @bbcweathernorth: 1 times
  @veryshortstory: 1 times
  @iansimmons: 1 times
  @sharperecruit: 1 times
  @paulasmith@: 1 times
nicktako mentions:
  @rockybuckley: 1 times
  @andyfranco: 1 times
  @videoshooter: 1 times
  @joelrunner: 1 times
  @RichRosdal: 1 times
  @EducationLady: 1 times
  @23kazoos: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @NickTako: 1 times
  @ChrisZavadowski: 1 times
blellow mentions:
danielak mentions:
  @pixelatedimage: 1 times
  @danielaK: 1 times
  @inspiritu: 1 times
  @gregkb: 1 times
shalliebey mentions:
  @illoveloa: 1 times
teriss mentions:
  @susanberland: 1 times
  @2meucci24: 1 times
  @JusticeLivesNot: 1 times
  @theRealBarefoo: 1 times
  @Lomac619: 1 times
jorger mentions:
vikerjeans mentions:
  @JasonPollockMUST: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
whiish mentions:
  @charliemoreno: 1 times
  @sixdemon: 1 times
jaylo1 mentions:
  @JeromeLaMaar: 1 times
  @agorbiz: 1 times
  @chanelamil: 1 times
  @gohard510: 1 times
  @tappdancekidd: 1 times
  @hucklebrryquinn: 1 times
  @asulamont: 1 times
khm_production mentions:
  @Susiesings: 1 times
thenameisdan mentions:
  @keithburnson: 1 times
  @ad2tampabay: 1 times
xwilliampatrick mentions:
  @loserfaceani: 1 times
  @amberxxnicole: 1 times
  @KennyAllen: 1 times
  @chriddycent: 1 times
  @karaeatscamles: 1 times
  @mattchu: 1 times
  @alexaesthetics: 1 times
cheaty mentions:
  @btrendie: 1 times
verybadcat13 mentions:
  @Newilli: 1 times
mfastow mentions:
  @cthagod: 1 times
sharittaallen mentions:
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
jodiekearns mentions:
  @jamesmoran: 1 times
  @samwattsmusic: 1 times
  @ScottEWeinberg: 1 times
  @hollisdorian: 1 times
  @patkelman: 1 times
toldusooc mentions:
  @ScanMyPhotos: 1 times
lvlike mentions:
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @Violetlilly: 1 times
  @ManlysRepublic: 1 times
  @BobSchaffer: 1 times
  @RevRowland: 1 times
rmiriam mentions:
  @dianebhartford: 1 times
  @KRCLradio: 1 times
  @jebros: 1 times
juddybuddy36 mentions:
  @JimACoburn: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
  @Writer993: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @juddybuddy36: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
fitprosarah mentions:
  @FitnessToGo: 1 times
fyreflye mentions:
  @DomBurf: 1 times
  @Raycast: 1 times
  @DailyAtheist: 1 times
  @micknugent: 1 times
  @whatdayathink: 1 times
  @wardswoods: 1 times
  @PoisonTheMonkey: 1 times
  @mikejmartin: 1 times
  @athinkingman: 1 times
chris_tomp mentions:
  @Darediva: 1 times
  @F: 1 times
lipegilard mentions:
  @biagilard: 1 times
sahagun mentions:
stevecarney mentions:
  @allyflynn: 1 times
  @ArquetteSisters: 1 times
  @Conservathink: 1 times
  @DoctorRock: 1 times
  @hannahsix: 1 times
  @Jacquy73: 1 times
  @MomOfFour: 1 times
  @smittenkitty: 1 times
mauricefreedman mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 2 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @mauricefreedman: 1 times
anton_chuvakin mentions:
  @BrandenWilliams: 1 times
  @SecBarbie: 1 times
  @sfoak: 1 times
  @antonchuvakin: 1 times
  @treyford: 1 times
  @catalyst: 1 times
  @dacort: 1 times
  @andrewsmhay: 1 times
  @alexhutton: 1 times
cfowise mentions:
  @dockane: 1 times
  @cfowise: 1 times
  @cameronherold: 1 times
  @scottmonty: 1 times
merokoyui mentions:
  @bigsis222: 1 times
  @superwomanAK: 1 times
  @jeweljk: 1 times
  @ramielemalubay: 1 times
maryannefisher mentions:
  @tumblemoose: 1 times
loobalee mentions:
  @Jorayne: 1 times
  @OneBoredMommy: 1 times
  @MorfsBrand: 1 times
  @OrganicBegining: 1 times
  @JenPennifer: 1 times
  @BBLAngela: 1 times
danohlerking mentions:
  @friedriches: 1 times
  @mattbooshwaa: 2 times
msmelanieblair mentions:
  @rlseymann: 1 times
  @joinazima: 1 times
paulaspleasures mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @RobinWalker: 1 times
  @PaulasPleasures: 1 times
  @writersjobs: 1 times
  @positivemommies: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
emmajames mentions:
  @verybadcat13: 1 times
  @Cottles: 1 times
  @thebrowncoat: 1 times
  @GoNowGo: 1 times
  @gordonshumway: 1 times
  @abigvictory: 1 times
fixarizona mentions:
  @RonGould: 1 times
weddingsavings mentions:
  @Weddzilla: 1 times
  @yoti: 1 times
  @PinkPrincess: 1 times
  @JewNews: 1 times
  @jewishweddings: 1 times
  @TomZegan: 1 times
  @WeDoCompany: 1 times
socialgumbo mentions:
  @danieljohnsonjr: 1 times
athlon mentions:
  @yukihime: 1 times
yummit mentions:
  @HoodenersHorse: 1 times
  @ComfyPaws: 1 times
  @Geordiegirl57: 1 times
  @redwhiteandgrew: 1 times
  @runhappy625: 1 times
  @nannaro: 1 times
  @TheGrilldog: 1 times
bangthemonkey mentions:
  @sahagun: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
meredithmo mentions:
  @peoplespops: 1 times
blackpearlcreat mentions:
  @artdeal: 1 times
  @BlackPearlCreat: 1 times
joefusco mentions:
  @lushbaby: 1 times
  @D846V17: 1 times
chaseclark mentions:
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @JimHamilton: 1 times
  @DogStory: 1 times
  @MoTancharoen: 1 times
  @Pogue: 1 times
msinaceur mentions:
  @theladywrites: 1 times
davhacq mentions:
  @mikemimik: 1 times
  @palanski: 1 times
daylee mentions:
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
spaztalkradio mentions:
  @WhatRedSaid: 1 times
  @wordybirdee: 1 times
  @klessa: 1 times
  @PrettiBoiBlue: 1 times
  @TomboyTigress: 1 times
  @DKJ63: 1 times
  @DomesticDyke: 1 times
travisthum mentions:
  @brandonbowers: 1 times
  @ChristophRobins: 1 times
  @kevydubb: 1 times
  @NICOLEakaMissNC: 1 times
  @pedromunoz: 1 times
  @theserge: 1 times
  @billiejoturner: 1 times
cindybittick mentions:
  @HomeSavvi: 1 times
  @urbandecorsue: 1 times
  @designmilk: 1 times
  @CharlesHudson: 1 times
  @outdoorinterior: 1 times
  @LeannDTM: 1 times
  @hgtvcanada: 1 times
suzyonfire mentions:
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @suzyonfire: 1 times
  @jimspcrepair: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
ebaymommy mentions:
  @mzmarcy: 1 times
  @auctionannie: 1 times
gmtomko mentions:
  @SuperheroLJ: 1 times
jeffcrossphoto mentions:
  @maxamphoto: 1 times
sherrypcmo mentions:
  @DarkPiano: 1 times
  @holymully: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
djmagic mentions:
  @FinalityProduct: 1 times
blove212 mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @genedthecure: 1 times
  @blove212: 1 times
  @joshwink1: 1 times
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @fitnessnewslist: 1 times
  @Argenispaul: 1 times
  @npyskater: 1 times
bornbombshell mentions:
theycallmeellis mentions:
  @AvWeekBenet: 1 times
  @USSNimitz: 1 times
julythirteenth mentions:
  @mindpinball: 1 times
  @MyLobotomy: 1 times
  @LadySouldja: 1 times
  @julythirteenth: 1 times
mecarluen mentions:
  @XLTweet: 1 times
hautecowgirl mentions:
  @crystallee21: 1 times
  @CGTV: 1 times
  @CowgirlRadio: 1 times
toyofficial mentions:
  @ToyOfficial: 1 times
  @MODELCHiCK2: 1 times
  @mznitra: 1 times
  @justshemababy: 1 times
  @mzbritaz: 1 times
  @missodessa: 1 times
eaglesnestwine mentions:
  @FortuneKookie: 1 times
  @fantomaster: 1 times
  @Newsage: 1 times
  @Audnumber: 1 times
  @SteenOhman: 1 times
  @lillianwong: 1 times
  @malibudude: 1 times
  @jessemong: 1 times
princsstrish mentions:
  @dannygokey: 1 times
baseball_mommy mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @baseballmommy: 1 times
shellystarzz mentions:
  @RetireWithCarla: 1 times
  @Karmatical: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @StevoMoviemaker: 1 times
  @GrowMap: 1 times
  @lekahe: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @RichardWelsh: 1 times
  @WontBeDenied: 1 times
freelancefolder mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @designcoyote: 1 times
schlegelsteph mentions:
  @Bremmel: 1 times
  @rcalo: 1 times
ubetcha_apparel mentions:
  @elfoguano: 1 times
letarussell mentions:
  @SheriMcConnell: 1 times
  @empowermentdiva: 1 times
  @Nancymk: 1 times
  @Empower180: 1 times
alaskaartist mentions:
  @DanoCreative: 1 times
  @Whitehotmag: 1 times
  @artmarket: 1 times
  @artnetdotcom: 1 times
  @bluebottleart: 1 times
  @AlaskaArtist: 1 times
  @deverartsygal: 1 times
  @worldarts: 1 times
  @iheartSAM: 1 times
searchguru mentions:
  @GregTurner: 1 times
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
marlastl mentions:
  @whatsPOPnSTL: 1 times
  @markreardonkmox: 1 times
  @MetromixSTL: 1 times
  @moviegeeks: 1 times
waveydavey001 mentions:
evantaubenfeld mentions:
  @theseams: 1 times
  @evanbandaids: 1 times
tweetypetitee mentions:
  @Effetti: 1 times
  @DeanHolland: 1 times
  @Mattwright493: 1 times
  @Mikestivala: 1 times
  @Robbailey: 1 times
  @Mrbrownthumb: 1 times
keri_mellott mentions:
  @NewMexicoNancy: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @JessicaLamonica: 1 times
  @kategoodyear: 1 times
  @wearemakingit: 1 times
  @bsoler: 1 times
mediachick mentions:
  @znmeb: 1 times
  @jarvitron: 1 times
  @ahockley: 1 times
paolasepicure mentions:
  @prestonchiro: 1 times
missjo_jo mentions:
  @MissSididdy: 1 times
_eifersucht mentions:
  @lukrezia: 1 times
  @sumares: 1 times
  @othermarlo: 1 times
  @n3cr0phelia: 1 times
  @Arsenic447: 1 times
  @hramos: 1 times
gojesuschrist mentions:
  @MsVeeVee: 2 times
  @ChristianGuide: 2 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @SlickTalkJ: 1 times
buchanan23 mentions:
  @drewclark: 2 times
  @buchanan23: 1 times
  @tattood1: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
  @kristenbuchanan: 1 times
internews mentions:
  @ICFJ: 1 times
  @IWMF: 1 times
  @Internews: 1 times
  @webbmedia: 1 times
  @ijnet: 1 times
  @icfj: 1 times
  @hrw: 1 times
  @ona09: 1 times
  @nahj: 1 times
discojr mentions:
  @MissCindyBabyyy: 1 times
  @discojr: 1 times
  @lilbeechgirl: 1 times
  @LAMusic: 1 times
  @FLALos: 1 times
  @Kas407: 1 times
  @TALKOFORLANDO: 1 times
mauijoycie mentions:
  @WBTBPoliceWives: 1 times
  @todaysblotter: 1 times
  @kvegas911: 1 times
  @MeticulousBob: 1 times
  @policenotes: 1 times
  @Badger467: 1 times
  @bccain: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @policemuseum: 1 times
qlovesfashion mentions:
  @twistedrocks: 1 times
  @HipMom: 1 times
  @LaPetiteBlog: 1 times
  @QlovesFashion: 1 times
  @ExpertImage: 1 times
uronlinepartner mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
savasavasava mentions:
  @scd: 1 times
  @DrJ2B: 1 times
  @ksquire: 1 times
  @alicejrobison: 1 times
  @jofsharp: 1 times
  @adamaig: 1 times
  @juliandibbell: 1 times
  @regardingjohn: 1 times
  @manveerheir: 1 times
vardenrhode mentions:
will_sosa mentions:
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @xrozix: 1 times
  @dozi1: 1 times
  @RodJustTooFunny: 1 times
  @BonesRecordz: 1 times
  @MizzShanny: 1 times
snoopster1 mentions:
  @Harpibizarre: 1 times
rexrobinson5 mentions:
  @jenniferwolford: 1 times
  @robertkburnham: 1 times
  @StuffofLegend: 1 times
  @SPORTSGUYS: 1 times
  @TallChickVic: 1 times
  @IveyLeaguer: 1 times
songsforstephen mentions:
  @jamierobison: 1 times
  @: 2 times
youngncultured mentions:
  @kirkthurmond: 1 times
  @paratweet: 1 times
  @todoindallas: 1 times
  @kkelton: 1 times
  @rokks: 1 times
jolienadine mentions:
  @sarahkleincoach: 1 times
xtinee_ mentions:
  @ShyloVonSexy: 1 times
  @jodreyisgod: 1 times
  @krisvicarious: 1 times
  @leevana: 1 times
  @sh4nz: 1 times
  @pardongarcon: 1 times
  @sweetm3lyssa: 1 times
  @PopGoesDJ: 1 times
x_bellus_x mentions:
  @Brighteyes08: 1 times
  @Bexfactor31: 1 times
  @sullenriot: 1 times
  @Eipa: 1 times
  @geejay: 1 times
hoserhearingaid mentions:
  @wearethedudes: 1 times
wahoopooh mentions:
  @Bimbler: 1 times
  @WahooPooh: 1 times
bobcatbaseball mentions:
  @suzhalliburton: 1 times
  @atrubow: 1 times
  @kbohls: 1 times
duchessmama mentions:
  @moburns67: 1 times
sharonmcp mentions:
  @kaitfoley: 1 times
ayrtondsilva mentions:
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @A: 1 times
lrockwellatty mentions:
  @Hawkbow: 1 times
robbieshine mentions:
  @inklingsTV: 1 times
  @shinedrumco: 1 times
  @thebiggerlights: 1 times
  @dangeroussummer: 1 times
  @luishandshake: 1 times
  @thesegreeneyes: 1 times
jaerabbit mentions:
  @JonahHilljew: 1 times
  @MorganMurphy: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @JonFavreau: 1 times
  @thesindicate: 1 times
  @roggidy: 1 times
  @michaelcera: 1 times
  @g4tv: 1 times
  @secrettweet: 1 times
objetivo_blando mentions:
  @objetivoblando: 1 times
marcomnetwork mentions:
  @ErasmoVelez: 1 times
magicpicture mentions:
  @goldforce: 1 times
andrewtaranto mentions:
  @joerobertson: 1 times
  @sublumen: 1 times
  @reimagin: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
acparker mentions:
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
  @RonHogan: 1 times
typemicah mentions:
  @jessmerrill: 1 times
comfypaws mentions:
  @MisterNoodle: 1 times
armywife98 mentions:
  @NOH8Campaign: 1 times
  @ChildrensTmrFdn: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
  @Greenpeace: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @AmberAlert: 1 times
  @LIVESTRONG: 1 times
  @OneCampaign: 1 times
  @the3day: 1 times
2morrowknight mentions:
  @RedHotCopy: 1 times
  @alliebaldwin: 1 times
  @tangley: 1 times
  @rebeccamezzino: 1 times
  @chrisguillebeau: 1 times
  @AdamSpiel: 1 times
  @fossilhuntress: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
gameunicon mentions:
  @helenpan333: 1 times
grits1954 mentions:
  @When: 1 times
  @paladine: 1 times
  @someone: 1 times
  @msdebagain: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @RickCaffeinated: 1 times
genedthecure mentions:
  @kathieprimeau: 1 times
  @genedthecure: 1 times
  @fortunes2tell: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @Addicted2Fame: 1 times
  @northernsweetie: 1 times
conformer mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @averagebetty: 1 times
  @EndlessSimmer: 1 times
  @cheesee: 1 times
lelandlo mentions:
  @PJradloff: 1 times
  @mmeehan: 1 times
  @EdwardRHunter: 1 times
  @graha: 1 times
angelabaden mentions:
  @rwohlner: 1 times
  @judylewisgroup: 1 times
malcolli mentions:
speakofthedevs mentions:
  @dani3boyz: 1 times
  @CMarzi84: 1 times
  @gimmeapuck: 1 times
  @streamertyer: 1 times
  @Ozzy: 1 times
  @goaliegirl: 1 times
  @HeatherD13: 1 times
  @erinmharris: 1 times
  @MavsBall: 1 times
  @sarahbraun: 1 times
  @goaliemom31: 1 times
miss_mary_ella mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
dwiley224 mentions:
  @Blanquis26: 1 times
  @kellebelle1981: 1 times
  @webaddict: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
barrie mentions:
demi_sele mentions:
  @lmlove: 1 times
toniahammer mentions:
  @GoalieBlog: 1 times
  @missgeorgia: 1 times
  @wazzupwitchu: 1 times
  @dani3boyz: 1 times
  @dwankrista: 1 times
  @Hawgs38: 1 times
  @DVSGEM: 1 times
  @khabibulin39: 1 times
  @Jfavreau: 1 times
azvibe mentions:
  @NYPDPizza: 1 times
  @LEGOLANDCA: 1 times
  @fanstersports: 1 times
  @SpinnerTweet: 1 times
  @scottsdaleaz: 1 times
  @WestValley101: 1 times
  @SunsWebmaster: 1 times
  @ASUArtMuseum: 1 times
  @heardmuseum: 1 times
argusvantage mentions:
  @EricLofholm: 1 times
dshelleny mentions:
  @martinjon: 1 times
jasonkersey mentions:
  @davidubben: 1 times
  @joshmic86: 1 times
  @evanblake: 1 times
  @mikesherman: 1 times
  @newsoksports: 1 times
  @rmsharp: 1 times
  @ryaber: 1 times
  @chasecolston: 1 times
  @jennicarlsonok: 1 times
azumanotravel mentions:
  @AlaskaAir: 1 times
rhulsavoyopera mentions:
  @ShadiSade: 1 times
  @operababe: 1 times
  @WilliamBranston: 1 times
  @EdwardStroud: 1 times
  @tomtheakston: 1 times
  @kleon1: 1 times
  @virnasophia: 1 times
alisonem mentions:
  @JackieOVegas: 1 times
  @jessiwilson: 1 times
rachelferrucci mentions:
  @TotallyToni: 1 times
  @mahemstudios: 1 times
  @PlusSizeMommy: 1 times
  @SugarJones: 1 times
  @vactress: 1 times
  @extraordmommy: 1 times
kimabramson mentions:
  @TheWeekMagazine: 1 times
th3pinkrabbit mentions:
westonsupermum mentions:
publichistorian mentions:
  @hratcliff: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
alohacarrie mentions:
  @BethBanning: 1 times
  @TheStoryLady: 1 times
  @crememagnolia: 1 times
  @alohacarrie: 1 times
  @markhorn: 1 times
  @michellepsimms: 1 times
chrispenner mentions:
  @cathyempey: 1 times
  @RenaissGourmet: 1 times
  @chrispenner: 1 times
  @sarabellaphoto: 1 times
  @stephenhubbard: 1 times
  @jenphoto: 1 times
  @FrsrValleyPulse: 1 times
  @johnheil: 1 times
ladybead mentions:
  @CaronsBeachHs: 2 times
  @GoodFibers: 1 times
  @ladybead: 1 times
pamelam mentions:
  @SophieLhoste: 1 times
  @MaxWellspring: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @MnfestWellBeingfollowfridayg8t: 1 times
bethschneider mentions:
  @upwardaction: 1 times
  @bethschneider: 1 times
rebstew mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
thesavoyard mentions:
  @medg85: 1 times
mrch0mp3rs mentions:
  @marciamarcia: 1 times
mrshaken mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
mjonlinegifts mentions:
  @HighStyleClt: 1 times
  @LeslieNewby: 1 times
mydailymadness mentions:
  @ScaryMommy: 1 times
waynejohn mentions:
  @techieV2: 1 times
  @balajil: 1 times
dvisme mentions:
  @mitchtrale: 1 times
  @hiddenphoenix: 1 times
  @deejaydog: 1 times
  @silentbrothers: 1 times
  @punkassbitch: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @laughingsquid: 1 times
  @wheresPAUL: 1 times
  @kg: 1 times
gotsence mentions:
  @philthemayor1: 1 times
  @shugashady: 1 times
  @flfmgroup: 1 times
  @sierrastorey: 1 times
  @napps126: 1 times
  @Bed: 1 times
bikelady mentions:
  @sarahwebb: 1 times
  @jwlf: 1 times
  @bikelady: 1 times
  @katereilly: 1 times
  @michellerafter: 1 times
  @rondoylewrites: 1 times
yayaa mentions:
fluffyhoneybee mentions:
  @enoxisureka: 2 times
studentoflife mentions:
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
  @dreamworthy: 1 times
perfectfall mentions:
  @WallyWendt: 1 times
bemyinsured mentions:
  @jeremymorgan: 1 times
mealexchange mentions:
  @allysonhewitt: 1 times
  @lisatorjman: 1 times
barrylyga mentions:
  @ScottWesterfeld: 1 times
  @libbabray: 1 times
  @KidLit: 1 times
michaeljstone mentions:
  @pastorkayte: 1 times
  @TeddyShabba: 1 times
  @MarkIsMusing: 1 times
  @Alferretti: 1 times
  @mtgmantx: 1 times
  @deluzione: 1 times
  @Chaztodd: 1 times
  @w: 1 times
pattytdb mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
davidlh mentions:
  @DarkByteMX: 1 times
  @laquesefue: 1 times
madonnamike mentions:
  @DrJared: 1 times
tehboondoc mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 2 times
scamandalous mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
philipnowak mentions:
  @ismael3: 1 times
minngolf mentions:
  @ClevelandGolf: 1 times
pinkroyaltie mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
kfzuzulo mentions:
  @HVLong: 1 times
  @ViolaRussell: 1 times
  @LIsaPietsch: 1 times
  @TinaGerow: 1 times
  @SapphireBluePub: 1 times
jnnabyrd mentions:
  @joeyawesome: 1 times
  @JnnaByrd: 1 times
calvarygirl mentions:
  @billzucker: 1 times
  @art4thehomeless: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @RiWrites: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @Laradolilly: 1 times
  @canadalittlebea: 1 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
elizabeteborges mentions:
  @iquecartoonist: 1 times
  @renedepaula: 1 times
  @revistalingua: 1 times
cerealkilller mentions:
  @loverox: 1 times
  @guiubeda: 1 times
  @nayroon: 1 times
  @lucascimino: 1 times
  @petter82: 1 times
  @marcusyabe: 1 times
  @thetempter: 1 times
  @suelenlopes: 1 times
mouseholecat mentions:
  @Daphnethecat: 1 times
  @delmonifieth: 1 times
  @DogFromBeyond: 1 times
  @dogsarefamily: 1 times
  @DunkintheCat: 1 times
  @ErikBrunetti: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @fertilitychick: 1 times
amebita mentions:
  @gerard0: 1 times
travelinggreen mentions:
  @ExpatCoachMegan: 1 times
  @whereivebeen: 1 times
  @travelogged: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @africafreak: 1 times
  @soultravelers3: 1 times
  @journeywoman: 1 times
  @lonelyplanet: 1 times
sakoval mentions:
  @trendytwinshop: 1 times
clinecourt mentions:
  @clinecourt: 1 times
  @saihai: 1 times
  @emilyd22: 1 times
qualityfactory mentions:
  @jackyan: 1 times
  @MissBevan: 1 times
  @QualityFactory: 1 times
  @aileenwilliams: 1 times
mksmither mentions:
  @jenlynch: 1 times
catmargulis mentions:
  @WandaLynneYoung: 1 times
  @catmargulis: 1 times
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @SharonDV: 1 times
  @MamaCherylAnne: 1 times
  @RachealMc: 1 times
  @YummyMummyClub: 1 times
sebastiansaint mentions:
  @mmalm: 2 times
  @suburbangourmet: 1 times
  @SocialMedia411: 1 times
  @SebastianSaint: 1 times
  @strumerika: 1 times
  @pinotblogger: 1 times
  @timfishwine: 1 times
  @NoReinsgirl: 1 times
celebratewstyle mentions:
  @bberrymom: 1 times
vormplus mentions:
  @greenwaygent: 1 times
odarygh mentions:
  @kniv: 1 times
susanweiner mentions:
  @susanweiner: 1 times
  @RockTheBoatMKTG: 1 times
  @KristenLuke: 1 times
tattood1 mentions:
  @drewclark: 2 times
  @buchanan23: 1 times
  @tattood1: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
thedailybuzzz mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @kevinomccarthy: 1 times
  @Trachena: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @TheDailyBuzzz: 1 times
  @SoCooLBob: 1 times
  @coostreehouse: 1 times
  @MikeK6ICS: 1 times
  @EATerrell: 1 times
olivermanalese mentions:
  @DineenJean: 1 times
  @JohnGesa: 1 times
  @COWBOYJDANOS: 1 times
  @jonathanbudd: 1 times
  @oasisproperties: 1 times
  @HBSA: 1 times
jane_l mentions:
  @jennief158: 1 times
hollycleary mentions:
  @vixenceleste: 1 times
  @poeticimmortal: 1 times
  @VictorMadden: 1 times
bart_smith mentions:
  @joshgad: 1 times
  @cminzzz: 1 times
  @nottjmiller: 1 times
  @iamBenLyons: 1 times
  @JoshMalina: 1 times
  @BRIANMBENDIS: 1 times
chrisbaker3 mentions:
  @techbabe: 1 times
  @farwyde: 1 times
  @jengrly: 1 times
vintageglam mentions:
  @jenstewartphoto: 1 times
  @turnercreative: 1 times
  @karicrowe: 1 times
  @tinywaterDan: 1 times
tonyxdisco mentions:
  @Shakira: 1 times
liz_alexander mentions:
  @kayl33: 1 times
  @theotherhex: 1 times
  @swinchester583: 1 times
  @blackimpala: 1 times
  @firstscaleb: 1 times
  @alexrevirell: 1 times
  @harrydresden: 1 times
avweekbenet mentions:
  @AdmiralsClub: 1 times
tanya_sf mentions:
theotherjeff mentions:
  @nikkimm33: 1 times
  @mlb217: 1 times
  @stina8753: 1 times
dikayo mentions:
  @johnmacarthur: 1 times
  @dikayo: 1 times
ingdanielh mentions:
  @emmamessia: 1 times
  @crakcberrista: 1 times
  @nwinch: 1 times
  @Kikecets: 1 times
joyandlife mentions:
  @JennyFlintoft: 1 times
  @GolfMindGuru: 1 times
  @MarkPowell: 1 times
diabay mentions:
  @tap29: 1 times
  @cindygolding: 1 times
  @Vodkastr8: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @jimsuccess: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @fi: 1 times
_davidhenry_ mentions:
  @MaricelaC: 1 times
  @VPEPR: 1 times
carolwhatever mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
callmelou mentions:
  @jessieas: 1 times
cincyrecruiter mentions:
  @joshuakahn: 1 times
putzeys mentions:
  @dideep: 2 times
  @BobSimao: 1 times
  @yaminka: 1 times
  @solmaior: 1 times
  @Nellywitch: 1 times
  @paulabruce: 1 times
  @putzeys: 1 times
  @paulamposser: 1 times
timtipper mentions:
  @missdestructo: 1 times
oldpetslovemore mentions:
  @hotlabrescue: 1 times
  @squeakmouse73: 1 times
  @richardwelsh: 1 times
  @ersle: 1 times
  @petparentauthor: 1 times
nigeltemple mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @thebookwright: 1 times
lorigregory mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @ethigent: 1 times
  @wayway8: 1 times
  @LoriGregory: 1 times
  @cindeelean: 1 times
  @B2020: 1 times
diabetoboy mentions:
  @baconsalt: 1 times
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @SalvatorePar: 1 times
  @CosmosGirl: 1 times
  @jeremykohler: 1 times
  @Birdlover327: 1 times
  @davidmatlock: 1 times
greg888 mentions:
  @DavidSandumArt: 1 times
rokinroll mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
aliciasworld mentions:
  @ppidgeon: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @ItllDoDeli: 1 times
  @WTFOSO: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @dbgrady: 1 times
  @jbgratx: 1 times
  @KirstTreth: 1 times
janwebster mentions:
  @Jonafun: 1 times
  @bpleaseradio: 1 times
  @MissMandaMarie: 1 times
  @badassbadboi: 1 times
  @casey887: 1 times
  @huhwtf: 1 times
  @jennuh21: 1 times
  @sweetpineapple: 1 times
7recruiter mentions:
  @kristid: 1 times
  @javatotto: 1 times
  @beneubanks: 1 times
  @ValueIntoWords: 1 times
  @dawnbugni: 1 times
  @careercast: 1 times
  @akutay: 1 times
  @lepoque: 1 times
didyouknowguy mentions:
  @problogger: 1 times
utstreet mentions:
  @SDUTPolitics: 1 times
infamous mentions:
  @mojobrandon: 1 times
  @mojolabs: 1 times
suburbandollar mentions:
  @aboutcredit: 1 times
  @mymoneyshrugged: 1 times
  @myliferoi: 1 times
  @suburbandollar: 1 times
londongirlinla mentions:
  @EliteTravelGal: 1 times
  @londongirlinLA: 1 times
  @lkkelly: 1 times
  @luckychica: 1 times
  @gigigraciette: 1 times
  @bonniefuller: 1 times
  @marielhemingway: 1 times
  @madlyv: 1 times
jaycee_stweet mentions:
  @ChrisHFilmsfollowfriday: 1 times
  @JayceesTweet: 1 times
  @Wossy: 1 times
  @NoelClarke: 1 times
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @suziperry: 1 times
  @gailporter: 1 times
  @Schofe: 1 times
byroney mentions:
  @MKLopez: 1 times
  @LostZombies: 1 times
  @StarTrekUpdates: 1 times
  @TrekMovie: 1 times
  @StarTrekZealot: 1 times
  @PeanutGnome: 1 times
  @UndeadLibrarian: 1 times
  @Gorify: 1 times
llamos mentions:
  @Rhonnybay: 1 times
azgreenday mentions:
  @grist: 1 times
jasonescape mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
paramitribe mentions:
  @LEEDResource: 1 times
  @ecoartist: 1 times
  @paramitribe: 1 times
  @OhioEnviro: 1 times
  @ecoject: 1 times
  @aleloop: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @nikko11: 1 times
darianapatrick mentions:
  @tumeric: 1 times
  @flickeringfilms: 1 times
1stopmusic mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
thekmgirl mentions:
  @leahita: 1 times
jedimaster_ops mentions:
  @DianeBeard: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
junkfoodtees mentions:
  @dannybanany: 1 times
  @elsami: 1 times
  @Rufus1: 1 times
  @ChicAlert: 1 times
  @WalkInTheSun: 1 times
  @2sports: 1 times
  @xxnaeee: 1 times
dalewhite mentions:
  @OrganicFreak: 1 times
  @shoppingLinda: 1 times
  @KevinAdkisson: 1 times
  @JAJAJoe: 1 times
  @JilliAnthemette: 1 times
  @CleanzDoc: 1 times
  @kospina: 1 times
  @sotweet: 1 times
  @IndygirlBL: 1 times
fpm_united mentions:
  @frugalgirl: 1 times
  @MtDoraSushi: 1 times
  @PivotalChicago: 1 times
  @artlinkgallery: 1 times
  @FpMUnited: 1 times
  @ShiftYourHabit: 1 times
  @savvyveg: 1 times
alelex88 mentions:
  @lucila: 1 times
  @romeu: 1 times
  @julieta: 1 times
  @tristão: 1 times
  @isolda: 1 times
  @minnie: 1 times
  @mickey: 1 times
  @donald: 1 times
  @margarida: 1 times
  @sartre: 1 times
  @simonebeavouir: 1 times
  @tarcisio: 1 times
  @glória: 1 times
king5seattle mentions:
  @KGWSunrise: 1 times
itzmica mentions:
  @EddyHendergrass: 2 times
  @JayElectronica: 1 times
  @RyanAkaSCT: 1 times
  @2oolman: 1 times
  @: 1 times
scollard62 mentions:
  @EmpowerRadio: 1 times
  @lightcoaching: 1 times
  @successsecret: 1 times
  @scollard62: 1 times
eyzrbrn mentions:
  @peargirly: 1 times
  @apsfa: 1 times
  @pravsj: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @truthtweet: 1 times
  @adriannecurry: 1 times
  @moonfrye: 1 times
  @twilightlexicon: 1 times
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
lilymazahery mentions:
  @andybaldwin: 1 times
  @navynews: 1 times
  @southcomwatch: 1 times
  @flynavy: 1 times
  @ohmygoff: 1 times
  @pamelaspunch: 1 times
  @lilymazahery: 1 times
  @cheekygeeky: 1 times
  @armymom: 1 times
gwyn90 mentions:
  @gwyn90: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @briannarussell: 1 times
  @sweetnessready: 1 times
awesomeosity mentions:
  @AndreaBall: 1 times
  @severshed: 1 times
  @andreaball: 1 times
  @helgaknull: 1 times
  @RobertKandle: 1 times
  @roadtothealtar: 1 times
retributioners mentions:
  @kenyatta: 1 times
  @moth: 1 times
  @waltribeiro: 1 times
  @nextnewnetworks: 1 times
  @wilsoncleveland: 1 times
  @mattsemel: 1 times
  @oddjobnation: 1 times
ebloch mentions:
  @mlewis106: 1 times
  @terang: 1 times
  @seanlo: 1 times
  @rumblestrip: 1 times
  @esquareda: 1 times
  @herbg: 1 times
amous mentions:
julesbeaujolais mentions:
  @jfkfan: 1 times
homesavvi mentions:
  @urbanbydesign: 1 times
smorty71 mentions:
  @bbalderaz: 1 times
  @LaraK: 1 times
  @whitman: 1 times
  @kpefferle: 1 times
  @garymoneysmith: 1 times
  @mattdickman: 1 times
  @digitalstephbe: 1 times
danielthemovie mentions:
  @ObscureHorror: 1 times
  @frothygirl: 1 times
  @shellisxena: 1 times
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @BellaVidaLetty: 1 times
  @DanielTheMovie: 1 times
  @jasonchrist: 1 times
  @rorschachsgirl: 1 times
moonofglass mentions:
  @BrownBunny81: 1 times
  @Etsy: 1 times
  @kismet1990: 1 times
  @TheFrenchNeedle: 1 times
  @blueberrycream: 1 times
billbarhydt mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
social_connect mentions:
1980_ mentions:
  @manasab: 1 times
kpedraja mentions:
  @JoshMaher: 1 times
  @scottporad: 1 times
chrisryder mentions:
  @HeidiRyder: 1 times
  @RyderH: 1 times
  @larsvontrier: 1 times
  @darthvader: 1 times
sarahrobinson mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
seonewz mentions:
ironstef mentions:
  @toontonearmy1: 1 times
  @adampknave: 1 times
  @willienelson: 1 times
rpallay3 mentions:
  @donaldpaz: 1 times
nannerland mentions:
  @lumendipity: 1 times
  @abbiehuxley: 1 times
  @artlinkgallery: 1 times
  @EleART: 1 times
  @SofyM: 1 times
  @Nannerland: 1 times
  @NathalieCaron: 1 times
  @joshbrownphoto: 1 times
  @AdeleMcAlear: 1 times
nv_advocates mentions:
  @AAUW: 1 times
  @SallyRideSci: 1 times
  @GeekGirlCamp: 1 times
  @girlgeeks: 1 times
quinn_e mentions:
  @demonbaby: 1 times
  @bowwow614: 1 times
reporterfi mentions:
  @howtonaturally: 1 times
  @ReporterFi: 1 times
  @aaanimals: 1 times
  @wandafay: 1 times
  @piece2dot0: 1 times
  @LadyLegacy: 1 times
  @solarfeeds: 1 times
  @jruthkelly: 1 times
  @calmcompassion: 1 times
yazeez mentions:
  @vieirasboots: 1 times
  @yazeez: 1 times
wright_one mentions:
  @mironovich: 1 times
  @kb33: 1 times
  @CJinNJ: 1 times
  @ProActiveDads: 1 times
  @tkq: 1 times
  @cmcclain: 1 times
  @glecharles: 1 times
salesdoc mentions:
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @SalesDoc: 1 times
  @iamidub: 1 times
  @ChristaEpiphany: 1 times
  @lilmo4ever: 1 times
  @RachaelfromNJ: 1 times
  @monicadanger: 1 times
camntx mentions:
  @notoamnesty: 1 times
bashville mentions:
  @blakeshelton: 1 times
bittenbybooks mentions:
  @MDobson84: 1 times
  @Hockeyvampiress: 1 times
  @FantasyDreamer: 1 times
  @fairyfindings: 1 times
  @smokinhotbooks: 1 times
suetsai mentions:
  @SueTsai: 1 times
monimom3 mentions:
  @sohood: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @UncleRUSH: 1 times
  @RevRunWisdom: 1 times
  @wyclef: 1 times
  @oprah: 1 times
naturcounselor mentions:
  @troptraditions: 1 times
  @BeyondDaHammock: 1 times
  @naturcounselor: 1 times
fpresources mentions:
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
  @HamtoastDotCom: 1 times
  @MindStudio: 1 times
ashleybraun mentions:
  @ethicurean: 1 times
thelocallanding mentions:
  @DannyChadwick: 1 times
  @JasonWBaker: 1 times
  @Vincenzof: 1 times
  @Brooklynnbk: 1 times
  @lozjg: 1 times
  @ByDirector: 1 times
  @SugarRaydodge: 1 times
  @AlCreed: 1 times
  @FoxnRock: 1 times
  @BradLewis: 1 times
scvanderver mentions:
  @Mysassyglass: 1 times
  @andreasjewelry: 1 times
  @scvanderver: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @eeleebee: 1 times
alexandralay mentions:
  @earthtoandrew: 1 times
purrfectone mentions:
  @MATT369RT: 1 times
  @weddingwriter: 1 times
  @slonecker: 1 times
  @CongoTwitt: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @parrisreddog: 1 times
  @jonarablu: 1 times
china_sannong mentions:
ramonbnuezjr mentions:
  @elmaloush: 1 times
  @danwegner: 1 times
  @Taiwriter: 1 times
johnhlynn mentions:
  @JohnSWright49: 1 times
  @Ozarksky: 1 times
  @lumpuckaroo: 1 times
  @ZephyrK9: 1 times
  @mahaffy: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @theobamafeed: 1 times
  @JoyfulSongCarol: 1 times
hollyilling mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @iknowuk: 1 times
  @southportflower: 1 times
  @Starbucks: 1 times
  @stevencollins: 1 times
  @AnDi86: 1 times
  @AFineFrenzy: 1 times
  @AleksanderOrlov: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
tiwaworks mentions:
  @christopherbw: 1 times
  @Tiwaworks: 1 times
soysalvadoreno mentions:
  @Rokurosv: 1 times
  @drakedalfa: 1 times
  @TonySaca: 1 times
doodlebugftdor mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @Maxkorp: 1 times
  @DoodleBugFtDOR: 1 times
  @lexzyne: 1 times
  @BritGeographic: 1 times
  @thoughtMatter: 1 times
  @smackahoe: 1 times
dataxy mentions:
  @amintorres: 1 times
  @blogdowntown: 1 times
  @downtownla: 1 times
  @downtownartwalk: 1 times
  @dataxy: 1 times
  @eecue: 1 times
  @jezblog: 1 times
  @happninla: 1 times
  @LALIVE: 1 times
  @newbeverly: 1 times
bydls mentions:
  @leavingrichmond: 1 times
johnprather mentions:
  @alexxxm: 1 times
  @NICEbutSOY: 1 times
  @rabyjrm: 1 times
  @philliplu: 1 times
  @IKnowKyleFord: 1 times
  @jaysteruk: 1 times
cinemaminima mentions:
  @missread: 1 times
remdreamtime mentions:
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
  @MaryAnnSAG: 1 times
lindastacy mentions:
myfengshuilife mentions:
  @shelbilavender: 1 times
  @mariaandros: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @caseywright: 1 times
  @leplan: 1 times
b_a_richardson mentions:
  @kidbritishmusic: 1 times
normricerealtor mentions:
  @denvercorealtor: 1 times
theronin23 mentions:
  @waynebrady: 1 times
  @TheBradSherwood: 1 times
  @notcolinmochrie: 1 times
  @jennywade: 1 times
  @mperegrym: 1 times
  @struff: 1 times
  @copperbrickroad: 1 times
  @FFFComics: 1 times
paulpuddifoot mentions:
  @EstherSausages: 1 times
erdbez mentions:
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @TheSlurryBaron: 1 times
  @shewinesocial: 1 times
  @erdbez: 1 times
  @freebiepicks: 1 times
  @milfredo: 1 times
  @wrestlingaddict: 1 times
  @willboywonder: 1 times
  @PaulSchwend: 1 times
flowsionet mentions:
fizzyduck mentions:
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @sleeprun: 1 times
jhoggie mentions:
  @redbloodedgirl: 1 times
  @westcoastvegas: 1 times
  @dudieboy: 1 times
  @MarcosBreton: 1 times
  @BabyLexie: 1 times
  @lightgroup: 1 times
  @EP4sanity: 1 times
  @ManyaS: 1 times
alexa997 mentions:
  @movin997: 1 times
  @mariatodd: 1 times
  @wirelesschunk: 1 times
  @sofierce: 1 times
  @marydiaz997: 1 times
  @joebreezyonair: 1 times
  @strawberryradio: 1 times
  @freska: 1 times
  @skubasteve: 1 times
witchwithkids mentions:
  @morebirthdays: 1 times
  @relayforlife: 1 times
  @acscan: 1 times
  @acsnews: 1 times
  @journalcancer: 1 times
  @AmericanCancer: 1 times
vukizzle mentions:
  @markolivas: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @ImTribute: 1 times
  @dreej: 1 times
  @Bswails: 1 times
  @Vukizzle: 1 times
  @MrMoGreene: 1 times
  @ChrisR: 1 times
writingtravel mentions:
  @divamover: 1 times
  @BetsC: 1 times
  @parodymshifter: 1 times
  @MBHolistic: 1 times
  @altMD: 1 times
  @ChadMoves: 1 times
  @clodagh831: 1 times
  @carolineco: 1 times
dstroyr mentions:
  @techfeeddaily: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @TamaraMaellaro: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @DSTROYR: 1 times
  @tayedrums: 1 times
  @MDRoberson: 1 times
67celt mentions:
  @lisababy182: 1 times
  @Glittergirl18: 1 times
  @mikemike2020: 1 times
  @mdstarrsports: 1 times
  @67CELT: 1 times
  @dvdlpz: 1 times
  @NewEricB: 1 times
tuliomartinez mentions:
  @Alexhamil: 1 times
  @vanluchi: 1 times
  @LazaroFreire: 1 times
  @CamillaAvella: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @otaviomuraca: 1 times
  @michelangabriel: 1 times
  @frednavarro: 1 times
  @malicemiller: 1 times
icemilkaprons mentions:
  @EllynAnne: 1 times
  @oldfashiongirl: 1 times
  @saucyapron: 1 times
  @skirtBirmingham: 1 times
  @lovebig: 1 times
  @SerenbeTucker: 1 times
  @bellacucina: 1 times
  @virginiawillis: 1 times
m47713 mentions:
  @twitspamorg: 1 times
  @spam: 1 times
hayleemorgan mentions:
  @HayleeMorgan: 1 times
raschknits mentions:
  @ConservativePup: 1 times
  @MLukaczyn: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @raschknits: 1 times
mkfacesclub mentions:
hazxtheworld mentions:
  @dominicdb: 1 times
  @Donwill: 1 times
  @VonPea: 1 times
  @Ilyas1: 1 times
  @TanyaMorgan: 1 times
  @CheGrand: 1 times
  @SpecBoogie: 1 times
  @questlove: 1 times
  @djlowkey: 1 times
  @Aeongotbeats: 1 times
chrisjohnston mentions:
swestbrook mentions:
  @TheEtherIsReal: 1 times
jesso52 mentions:
  @startupcafe: 1 times
eternaljanuary mentions:
  @UGuardU: 1 times
  @lhutchings: 1 times
  @SueAnderson: 1 times
  @cheflisapdx: 1 times
  @KGON: 1 times
  @947fm: 1 times
oriole2 mentions:
  @shaznyc: 1 times
noelle002 mentions:
  @AmericanCancer: 2 times
  @morebirthdays: 1 times
  @relayforlife: 1 times
  @acscan: 1 times
  @acsnews: 1 times
  @journalcancer: 1 times
debbiedee5 mentions:
  @rmccaully: 1 times
etanowitz mentions:
  @palafo: 1 times
  @jboitnott: 1 times
  @erickschonfeld: 1 times
  @etanowitz: 1 times
  @peteramckay: 1 times
jeffrey_paul mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
bibliofilmes mentions:
  @vitorcunha: 1 times
  @BiblioFilmes: 1 times
jaysdaughtry mentions:
  @AngelaWilson: 1 times
_lauren_mallory mentions:
  @LaurenMallory: 1 times
danielstein mentions:
  @budcaddell: 1 times
  @jordanberkowitz: 1 times
  @joshspear: 1 times
debbiebush mentions:
  @m47713: 1 times
jolieroot mentions:
  @LisaSchraderscroll: 1 times
jhaubein mentions:
  @Unmarketing: 1 times
ann_monroe mentions:
  @chelseagreen: 1 times
lenkody mentions:
  @windycitizen: 1 times
  @bradflora: 1 times
  @lenkody: 1 times
  @andrefrancisco: 1 times
  @jnelson149: 1 times
  @kristenthometz: 1 times
emani mentions:
  @kentrolis: 1 times
  @Emani: 1 times
  @RecycleNut: 1 times
  @fussbudgetpromo: 1 times
  @zoegolightly: 1 times
  @BruceBrownNC: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @create4you: 1 times
melanomahope2dy mentions:
  @AmericanCancer: 2 times
  @morebirthdays: 1 times
  @relayforlife: 1 times
  @acscan: 1 times
  @acsnews: 1 times
  @journalcancer: 1 times
unionst mentions:
  @nowtoronto: 1 times
  @unionst: 1 times
  @jessebrown: 1 times
  @coreymintz: 1 times
  @towebrebrand: 1 times
  @nowcontests: 1 times
  @artsandcrafts: 1 times
  @bonniefuller: 1 times
melaniward mentions:
  @kendallcoach: 1 times
perkettpr mentions:
  @autom8: 1 times
  @EpitomeOfPR: 1 times
  @NicolePRexec: 1 times
  @brandonhaskins: 1 times
  @LaMonteG: 1 times
  @SteveHaweeli: 1 times
  @Aerocles: 1 times
  @amyblack: 1 times
  @lizmale: 1 times
somecanuckchick mentions:
  @Argaive: 1 times
  @pathways: 1 times
  @laurentlasalle: 1 times
  @karolijn: 1 times
lissarankin mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @nachhi: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
busylittlepiggy mentions:
  @bibs4drips: 1 times
  @FaeriedTreasure: 1 times
  @blakenetizen: 1 times
  @BirchSoaps: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @RBKCreations: 1 times
  @JacksonCJ1: 1 times
  @2kutekreations: 1 times
martiword mentions:
  @semaphore: 1 times
andyv67 mentions:
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @JulianPerez123: 1 times
  @ChuckBaker: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @twittychins: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
eagrinberg mentions:
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
  @tedprodromou: 1 times
  @MoreyStudio: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @suzboop: 1 times
  @moreystudio: 1 times
rootedinstyle mentions:
  @creativeness: 1 times
  @BrandyandIce: 1 times
  @missheathyrm: 1 times
  @BooneWallbeds: 1 times
  @lauriehardy: 1 times
  @LynniMegginson: 1 times
broadfoot mentions:
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @sdevon: 1 times
diamondbuyer mentions:
  @Missypoo586: 1 times
  @MicroGiving: 1 times
genieknows mentions:
  @airwaves: 1 times
  @jashonmhines: 1 times
  @cloye44: 1 times
  @afloatca: 1 times
  @markharper: 1 times
  @mausam86: 1 times
  @philipobrien: 1 times
  @mattmadden: 1 times
  @JTManning: 1 times
  @jodimanning: 1 times
justinvisionary mentions:
  @SueAnne: 1 times
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
dancingskittle mentions:
  @DaveJMatthews: 1 times
  @chriscolfer: 1 times
  @shanifawni: 1 times
  @blakedan: 1 times
  @IJennaUsh: 1 times
  @adammshankman: 1 times
  @RockOfAges: 1 times
  @druidDUDE: 1 times
  @morgankarr: 1 times
  @KeenanBlogger: 1 times
thomasfjordside mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
successthinkers mentions:
  @firstlisting: 1 times
  @dominiquep: 1 times
  @wordwielder: 1 times
  @MsNilda: 1 times
  @onebillionsb: 1 times
samsquintz mentions:
  @lettsduet: 1 times
joycecherrier mentions:
  @WillBeebe: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
marley1964 mentions:
  @MatthewMontfort: 1 times
  @twochix1: 1 times
  @CharmsOfLight: 1 times
  @komenforthecure: 1 times
  @HennArtOnline: 1 times
  @mccmarianne: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
kaseydannielle mentions:
  @AuditionPortal: 1 times
  @LtAlgonquin: 1 times
  @JanelleDee: 1 times
  @robmyles: 1 times
  @KaseyDannielle: 1 times
  @lilschwartzie: 1 times
  @DWiley224: 1 times
vinnysacramento mentions:
  @AddisonMontg: 1 times
larkn0298 mentions:
  @sagefrog: 1 times
  @saraparker: 1 times
  @DanielTheMovie: 1 times
  @MamaAnna: 1 times
  @TheShape: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @CraveOnline: 1 times
michaeltomko mentions:
  @meghoulihan: 1 times
  @CosmosGirl: 1 times
  @CourtneyChesley: 1 times
nativesun803 mentions:
  @BigRube: 1 times
  @queenuniquemvp: 1 times
  @Jchenise: 1 times
  @soulsupreme: 1 times
  @KevinNottingham: 1 times
  @ibaoshun: 1 times
  @thenicolesmith: 1 times
  @Fly11: 1 times
  @MissJenee: 1 times
  @diva3482: 1 times
toth_tweets mentions:
  @TheCounter: 1 times
martyportier mentions:
  @NUMBSTAR: 1 times
  @chrisowyoung: 1 times
  @ricfrazier: 1 times
  @brettarthur: 1 times
  @nirrimi: 1 times
  @fernandocolon: 1 times
trefoil mentions:
  @GodzillaofJapan: 1 times
cynthiaburoughs mentions:
  @Flik: 1 times
  @bloggernott: 1 times
  @BulimiaHelp: 1 times
  @Cpitbull: 1 times
  @egheitasean: 1 times
  @ExtremeAnnette@holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @JaneAllison: 1 times
natekuester mentions:
  @nlshoes: 1 times
  @wsuruthie: 1 times
  @famefifteen: 1 times
  @jenngonzalez: 1 times
  @mdj681: 1 times
  @JacobNordby: 1 times
  @terirjones: 1 times
  @maggieKTVB7: 1 times
  @jjsaldana: 1 times
livvuks88 mentions:
mommyinchief mentions:
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
  @teamsoteria: 1 times
  @bobhallam: 1 times
  @VisionSphere: 1 times
smoulderingsea mentions:
  @judithleger: 1 times
  @hayleyjoanne: 1 times
christopherbw mentions:
  @bkmiller: 1 times
  @mhumphrey55: 1 times
kingdavid251 mentions:
  @NinaRawz: 1 times
  @MsRoystonBaby: 1 times
  @barbaryan: 1 times
  @HazE2770: 1 times
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
  @Kuni05: 1 times
  @KINGDAVID251: 1 times
walk_in_the_sun mentions:
  @mcflynews: 1 times
emilybeezwax mentions:
  @Nannerland: 1 times
belladaze mentions:
  @thewiseoldowl: 1 times
  @Ivybean104: 1 times
  @mabel1922: 1 times
badforgood mentions:
  @dealtaker: 1 times
  @badforgood: 1 times
smartah79 mentions:
  @Skibble: 1 times
  @BeverleyKnight: 1 times
markusvonroder mentions:
  @tobispoerer: 1 times
epictrader mentions:
  @lisam75: 1 times
  @rudedoodle: 1 times
  @Fairymoonbeam: 1 times
  @Joannemurphy9: 1 times
  @Keryje: 1 times
  @HappyDais: 1 times
  @tdlucas: 1 times
  @GeorginaMilne: 1 times
  @ShirleyMcLaugh: 1 times
karasisi_fo mentions:
sherisalata mentions:
  @Heija: 1 times
  @sherisalata: 1 times
  @lesia: 1 times
jerrycchen mentions:
  @EmmaTiebens: 1 times
lydiaeve10 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
gift_guru mentions:
  @JeffreyKirk: 1 times
  @eFusjon: 1 times
  @KarenAnderso: 1 times
  @EnginesTuning: 1 times
  @giftguru: 1 times
  @imadnaffa: 1 times
  @LipsynchingScot: 1 times
gdicecca mentions:
  @courtholloway: 1 times
  @pastormilas: 1 times
  @davebeauregard: 1 times
  @dtmgallagher: 1 times
  @ashleytinney: 1 times
safercans mentions:
  @changeca: 1 times
  @slaggyc: 1 times
  @thesmartmama: 1 times
  @gogoGavigan: 1 times
  @svtc: 1 times
  @iportion: 1 times
  @helpmotherout: 1 times
  @shukakalantari: 1 times
  @kvetchingguru: 1 times
rilescat mentions:
us_eucom mentions:
  @jeffrobinson: 1 times
justinhokie mentions:
  @DACool: 1 times
  @justinhokie: 1 times
emilyadavis mentions:
  @ByCommonConsent: 1 times
  @ldschurchnews: 1 times
nickcharney mentions:
  @scilib: 1 times
  @SenElaineMcCoy: 1 times
lazcorp mentions:
  @CummerbundEsq: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @TwitArtists: 1 times
  @CindyDavisArt: 1 times
maizydaisy mentions:
  @tatterededge: 1 times
wcopley mentions:
  @pirateparenting: 1 times
  @jessicabenner: 1 times
  @sublimebedlam: 1 times
  @jseadub: 1 times
  @mindykaling: 1 times
  @CathyZielske: 1 times
stephendinan mentions:
  @mrdannyglover: 1 times
reashamoriba mentions:
  @Churchillfan: 1 times
  @quixhoteeveryday: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @fitbet: 1 times
  @nissag: 2 times
  @twuoted: 1 times
  @reashamoriba: 1 times
  @joyceschneider1: 1 times
letsdance_08 mentions:
  @jcx27: 1 times
  @Dalewild: 1 times
  @mlomb: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @efgfca: 1 times
  @aileen2u2: 1 times
  @BRD420army: 1 times
karenlangston mentions:
  @daKrusher: 1 times
jerriedean mentions:
angelori56 mentions:
norareed mentions:
  @theboy: 1 times
  @thermidor9: 1 times
eorl87 mentions:
  @enriquefa86: 1 times
paul_holgorsen mentions:
  @TunesAndMore: 1 times
  @promobrain: 1 times
  @MamaRed: 1 times
  @JackBastide: 1 times
  @redhotcopy: 1 times
pcpitcrew mentions:
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @TheEntertainer: 1 times
  @thehulkster: 1 times
  @theladywrites: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
timothy_wihera mentions:
  @genystartup: 1 times
  @ElineKullock: 1 times
  @tomjgray: 1 times
  @aquaticsintl: 1 times
damstyle mentions:
  @shavereview: 1 times
  @gambertshirts@michaelferrera@guystyleguide: 1 times
michaelwilder mentions:
ihoard mentions:
  @BekahSews: 1 times
inakiescudero mentions:
  @Hippowill: 1 times
  @mikearauz: 1 times
  @budcaddell: 1 times
  @jordanberkowitz: 1 times
  @joshspear: 1 times
  @danielstein: 1 times
_1981_ mentions:
  @DJDoomKitty: 1 times
  @Appilicious: 1 times
thatnickguy mentions:
  @MsCrystalPistol: 1 times
petehall mentions:
  @TymMoss: 1 times
  @BryanBlaise: 1 times
shuxley mentions:
  @MiramaxFilms: 1 times
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
  @DisneyPictures: 1 times
vbender mentions:
  @harleydavidson: 1 times
  @harleybrother: 1 times
  @RidersClaw: 1 times
  @EagleRiderLA: 1 times
erinashmiller mentions:
  @rebekahco: 1 times
  @WSJHealth: 1 times
  @WSJHealthBlog: 1 times
  @jaredpolis: 1 times
  @hhsgov: 1 times
  @AmerMedicalAssn: 1 times
chadengle mentions:
  @mishikraz: 2 times
  @jsmibert: 1 times
  @chadengle: 1 times
  @gayadesign: 1 times
  @adellecharles: 1 times
  @dougneiner: 1 times
spiritdancing mentions:
  @JasonsNetwork: 1 times
  @spiritdancing: 1 times
iyeshe mentions:
  @wendyfarmer: 1 times
stuartperryuk mentions:
  @robstickler: 1 times
  @davidbishop: 1 times
  @Antoniablue: 1 times
  @JulieMessenger: 1 times
  @ljthomson: 1 times
  @TheCampbellMan: 1 times
  @piersb: 1 times
  @dwlt: 1 times
  @robinkelly1: 1 times
costavidafred mentions:
  @woosterbbb: 1 times
  @MetalMo: 1 times
  @danfreeman: 1 times
  @KSeas: 1 times
  @Sugarhi: 1 times
  @nerdybirdie: 1 times
  @vik44: 1 times
  @GriffinClubMerv: 1 times
elianahsharon mentions:
  @YeahThatsKosher: 1 times
  @ahoova: 1 times
  @Alaskanquilter: 1 times
  @AriShapiro: 1 times
  @carolw: 1 times
  @ArielAkiva: 1 times
  @GiraffeTwitt: 1 times
  @weinberg81: 1 times
dehlia666 mentions:
  @KizzyKassy: 1 times
  @Rratedauthor: 1 times
  @IAmJericho: 1 times
  @MATTHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @JEFFHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @TheShannonBrand: 1 times
  @thedukeofmetal: 1 times
greeneyezz mentions:
  @dcrblogs: 1 times
linaputsin_worc mentions:
  @LuolsDong: 1 times
  @LinaPutsInWorC: 1 times
  @sportsbusiness: 1 times
  @sheislulu: 1 times
  @KobeDwight: 1 times
  @gx5: 1 times
  @blicdh: 1 times
  @timothynash: 1 times
  @sportstsar: 1 times
  @NathanielSmithFollowFriday: 1 times
popcornpolitics mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @AlinS: 1 times
  @marklevinshow: 1 times
  @popcornpolitics: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @ZoMachoSauce: 1 times
whatseansaw mentions:
  @pkav2000: 1 times
  @joshidaniel: 1 times
  @bryanadamsphoto: 1 times
  @enchantphoto: 1 times
  @newmediaphoto: 1 times
  @pyeman: 1 times
siteinsights mentions:
  @jodikicksass: 1 times
  @neilgorman: 1 times
feliciaslattery mentions:
  @DinaSokers: 1 times
warpedtourdoc mentions:
  @TVTV: 1 times
  @Warped09: 1 times
knockouted mentions:
  @JavaSTL: 2 times
  @IdoNotes: 1 times
  @CosmosGirl: 1 times
  @tojosan: 1 times
  @naturalwoman: 1 times
  @rabeidoh: 1 times
karinesz mentions:
  @growline: 1 times
  @DietSolution: 1 times
  @lipsticking: 1 times
  @fujofly: 1 times
  @rightnowcoach: 1 times
diannelearned mentions:
  @jessieshmessie: 1 times
  @curvyboom: 1 times
  @majah: 1 times
timjennion mentions:
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
ghostviii mentions:
  @WorldwideMoment: 1 times
  @vandalog: 1 times
  @artinstitutechi: 1 times
  @jsmooth995: 1 times
  @mikewaxx: 1 times
  @NeroInSpace: 1 times
  @ThreatZ: 1 times
  @TheWaveClub: 1 times
  @passionpit: 1 times
  @MetroChicago: 1 times
dcscrap mentions:
  @junebuggg: 1 times
  @NoKnockout: 1 times
  @DJPKNoW: 1 times
  @GuyFix: 1 times
dibro mentions:
  @PetraSuetterlin: 1 times
  @BuchBruder: 1 times
  @Tarotsophie: 1 times
  @DenisWelter: 1 times
  @mobiFlip: 1 times
  @indianernews: 1 times
mrrocknroll mentions:
  @BillyMorrison: 1 times
  @killola: 1 times
  @SlashHudson: 1 times
  @Megadeth: 1 times
  @chriscornell: 1 times
  @SuzieMcNeil: 1 times
  @bifnaked: 1 times
  @davenavarro6767: 1 times
  @MaryaRoxx: 1 times
justmikeyhrc mentions:
  @tonymendyk: 1 times
  @magiccitymayhem: 1 times
  @loumongello: 1 times
dazeddaily mentions:
  @thisisrobthomas: 2 times
  @RyanSeacrestfollowfriday: 1 times
jessicajane7 mentions:
  @lokonarede: 1 times
  @nathhhs: 1 times
  @brunomoreiraa: 1 times
  @rmsrenato: 1 times
  @celoviana: 1 times
_morrigan mentions:
  @thewildhunt: 1 times
  @Overspill: 1 times
  @cassowaryjewel: 1 times
  @NakedMushroom: 1 times
  @stylesmith: 1 times
  @kittenspawn: 1 times
  @essebee1: 1 times
  @abitabite: 1 times
cmd130 mentions:
  @EmilyOsment: 1 times
  @TheAdamLambert: 1 times
  @Herinteractive: 1 times
  @PushPlayCJ: 1 times
zedalzanewyork mentions:
  @paulmaddog: 1 times
  @KING40: 1 times
  @alexmonstar: 1 times
  @MaryVictoria: 1 times
  @ZedalzaNewYork: 1 times
  @AntVZedalza: 1 times
chrislovecnm mentions:
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
  @skwigg: 1 times
  @mizfitonline: 1 times
  @funfitfamily: 1 times
  @tepherguy: 1 times
  @girlwithnoname: 1 times
  @barrylovelace: 1 times
denisermt mentions:
  @JasonPollockTWITTER: 1 times
shelby_rounds mentions:
  @starmonique@ShoNuffSheree@33girl@MarleeMatlin@kirstiealley: 1 times
incom mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
  @McEuen: 1 times
  @feeg0666: 1 times
  @nathanbyrne: 1 times
  @wannahaiku: 1 times
  @retromags: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @sing1412: 1 times
  @claudiar21: 1 times
  @noewait: 1 times
  @strangedeadfish: 1 times
michelenorthrup mentions:
  @LizzHarmon: 1 times
  @MicheleNorthrup: 1 times
  @SuePaskert: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @NancyHowe: 1 times
pamelaarcher mentions:
  @parentsrule: 1 times
thecitizen mentions:
  @JamesHanusa: 1 times
itsaulgood mentions:
  @davidiangray: 1 times
  @heidihartman: 1 times
nikstohn mentions:
  @danielerizzo: 1 times
moriasreadings mentions:
  @afirmin: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @asmartunion: 1 times
  @Gerrigee: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @TruckerDesiree: 1 times
  @DebbieFord: 1 times
  @MediaQuire: 1 times
swifteconomics mentions:
  @steviwonderful: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
  @ScottBourne: 1 times
  @sarahbethphoto: 1 times
  @MyEugene: 1 times
  @imageisfound: 1 times
  @Bestphotogever: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @threewinks: 1 times
bigbags mentions:
  @h0neyb: 1 times
jayceeloop mentions:
  @gezeta: 1 times
  @themocks: 1 times
  @ggabrielmx: 1 times
  @syntekoficial: 1 times
  @dalifr: 1 times
  @starjammer: 1 times
  @dolphimx: 1 times
  @JuanPa: 1 times
  @Caesare: 1 times
  @youngreen50: 1 times
  @AstralInsomnia: 1 times
womenofcaliber mentions:
  @nanna95: 1 times
  @radiojen: 1 times
  @SarahDownSouth: 1 times
  @mom2blondies: 1 times
cncastro mentions:
  @KrisColvin: 1 times
  @jonnyvavas: 1 times
  @DonaldJTrump: 1 times
  @culturite: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
hpnews mentions:
  @apatrizio: 1 times
  @datacenter: 1 times
  @philmckinney: 1 times
  @bcaulfield: 1 times
  @footnoted: 1 times
  @ghaff: 1 times
  @adamhirsch: 1 times
  @thevarguy: 1 times
  @frostola: 1 times
musecrossing mentions:
  @DanTanner: 1 times
emmeloowhoo mentions:
  @laurensbite: 1 times
  @letter2twilight: 1 times
  @GallifreyReject: 1 times
nghafouri mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
huskyhog mentions:
  @crackedactor: 1 times
balmeras mentions:
  @GreenAlpaca: 1 times
  @wildobs: 1 times
  @rangerous: 1 times
richard_gable mentions:
  @Geogieboo: 1 times
txtechnoguru mentions:
  @AmericanTweets: 1 times
  @writergal: 1 times
  @amandadchaney: 1 times
  @Serendipity: 1 times
  @teachjustice: 1 times
  @royorbs3: 1 times
  @kchasesimmons: 1 times
  @tendril23: 1 times
  @HopeChat: 1 times
  @: 1 times
toniwednesday mentions:
  @UGHiitzSha: 1 times
  @toniWEDNESDAY: 1 times
  @MzNayMinaj: 1 times
  @stephtheAnR: 1 times
  @CEOStyles: 1 times
  @BeeJayEmCee: 1 times
phxnerd mentions:
  @markdudlik: 1 times
  @someone: 1 times
  @something: 1 times
  @whatever: 1 times
christinielsen mentions:
  @ArtNews: 1 times
afpmissouri mentions:
  @michaeldcarney: 1 times
  @AFPMissouri: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @reiver: 1 times
  @gilcarvr: 1 times
  @jhonsun: 1 times
  @DenverCatholic: 1 times
  @iconicfreedom: 1 times
chrisbowser mentions:
  @Zion13: 1 times
  @chrisbowser: 1 times
armyofnon mentions:
  @ronmc1: 1 times
  @queenmisha: 1 times
  @PhotogNews: 1 times
  @ARMYOFNON: 1 times
  @WOOG12: 1 times
misskitty1923 mentions:
  @StealingKitty: 1 times
  @Thebloggess: 1 times
  @misskitty1923: 1 times
  @lesrw: 1 times
ssethi mentions:
  @mollywood: 1 times
  @kidehen: 1 times
  @Orli: 1 times
  @AmandaLorenzani: 1 times
  @MichelleDewbs: 1 times
  @aliciaskimbit: 1 times
  @mactonbond: 1 times
  @bandrew: 1 times
auggie28 mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @Humble83: 1 times
  @stevesmithwr12best: 1 times
  @kevinbossman: 1 times
  @humble83: 1 times
  @michaelstrahan: 1 times
  @Auggie28: 1 times
beckie_patrick mentions:
  @BigDen: 1 times
yoonhoum mentions:
  @murnahan: 1 times
casualmafia mentions:
  @natbox: 1 times
  @katepresutti15: 1 times
  @mattydoherty: 1 times
  @joshmacuga: 1 times
  @casualsteve: 1 times
  @ricardont: 1 times
ahh_shazbot mentions:
  @Emilyjaynejones: 1 times
davehageman mentions:
  @Nextvoice247: 1 times
  @strategies4u: 1 times
  @JimQuillen@heathersmusic: 1 times
  @DixieDynamite@BobBurg: 1 times
  @MarketLikeAChik: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
tameco mentions:
  @seonaut: 1 times
  @boeserseo: 1 times
  @littleSEO: 1 times
  @Aslex: 1 times
  @pooltrax: 1 times
presidentmega mentions:
  @trefoil: 1 times
  @KoldChills: 1 times
  @PresidentMega: 1 times
kurttomcala mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @peepsyouknownet: 1 times
  @Triplebeamsheme: 1 times
  @InExcess: 1 times
  @KurtTomcala: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
kathykeefe mentions:
  @DawnAbraham: 1 times
  @kathykeefe: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @SHATTASTAR: 1 times
  @: 1 times
rcerrada mentions:
  @valentinft: 1 times
mannheimbynight mentions:
  @houseinvention: 1 times
  @erbgut: 1 times
  @chicochiquita: 1 times
  @clubRitzz: 1 times
  @falkorichtberg: 1 times
  @tilllatecom: 1 times
  @NikoTune: 1 times
rosieor mentions:
  @ArthurPincus: 2 times
kasiafink mentions:
  @mrsshortcake: 1 times
  @OHMommy: 1 times
  @Miss604: 1 times
  @zenhabits: 1 times
  @jennacole: 1 times
  @WhiteHotTruth: 1 times
  @penelopetrunk: 1 times
sksofcalifornia mentions:
  @PolarBearMoney: 1 times
  @nelphos: 1 times
  @dogfiles: 1 times
  @Ev: 1 times
  @biz: 1 times
  @CathyWebSavvyPR: 1 times
ajinair mentions:
  @ykvgt: 1 times
halcruises mentions:
  @GrayLineAlaska: 1 times
grapejellykelly mentions:
  @PierrePenguin: 1 times
  @VivaElQueso: 1 times
aligraysanatomy mentions:
anonbystander mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
wbtbpolicewives mentions:
  @ThankASoldier: 1 times
selannegirl mentions:
  @soucieonsoccer: 1 times
  @midnightrevs: 1 times
sendchocolate mentions:
  @mariacervantes: 1 times
celticgirl1913 mentions:
  @JaredOC: 1 times
  @Mrmichaelnewton: 1 times
  @RileyDean: 1 times
  @KristoferJensen: 1 times
  @KingstonTracker: 1 times
  @AuroraWalker: 1 times
  @BrennanEngle: 1 times
ucgazza999 mentions:
  @DrRez: 1 times
  @DuncanBlake: 1 times
  @alexlewis: 1 times
  @darylhunter: 1 times
  @anitamarsh: 1 times
  @aschambers: 1 times
  @AspectCIO: 1 times
  @AspectUC: 1 times
  @doctordns: 1 times
bsbtwitt mentions:
  @SoulshockLA: 1 times
zoe_e_w mentions:
  @MissKitty1923: 1 times
  @ZoeEW: 1 times
harbororg mentions:
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
joyeasterling mentions:
  @Preservationist: 1 times
  @angeleasterling: 1 times
de_trends2 mentions:
mig14 mentions:
  @katherine016: 1 times
monsura mentions:
  @creativedv8tion: 1 times
  @freakapotimus: 1 times
  @raycornwall: 1 times
  @BFIrrera: 1 times
  @pulptone: 1 times
  @hylerj: 1 times
  @BarrieAbalard: 1 times
  @xxine: 1 times
  @sungenis: 1 times
  @Cynderblock: 1 times
emailcopywriter mentions:
lookingatnews mentions:
  @g4tv: 1 times
  @aots: 1 times
  @thefeed: 1 times
  @websoup: 1 times
  @xplay: 1 times
  @themmoreport: 1 times
  @g420: 1 times
perthtones mentions:
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @STOPlasticBags: 1 times
  @scooprandell: 1 times
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
  @BobWilliamson: 1 times
  @Abeeliever: 1 times
  @OnSept26STOP: 1 times
delta40 mentions:
  @MissECommerce: 1 times
  @LifeOfFreedom: 1 times
  @kristoffgroup: 1 times
  @delta40: 1 times
  @therealmarkhess: 1 times
  @degrassiboi: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
kirkstweeting mentions:
  @mark0121: 1 times
  @brandonmorton: 1 times
  @aeriagames: 1 times
  @kakasab: 1 times
  @KirksTweeting: 1 times
  @AngelEyezL: 1 times
christine_f mentions:
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @ChristineF: 1 times
  @Iceburner: 1 times
  @SLShakespeareCo: 1 times
  @iambuster: 1 times
  @stejules: 1 times
  @wekema: 1 times
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
  @molfamily: 1 times
  @Treebanker: 1 times
leoncitobonito mentions:
  @kutty60: 1 times
  @greenvet: 1 times
nancydee_online mentions:
  @DawnofOURnight: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @justagirlaus: 1 times
  @adhaaL: 1 times
  @4u2wear2: 1 times
  @anzola33: 1 times
  @silviotercero: 1 times
  @GlitterGirlTV: 1 times
aussiesmith mentions:
  @candy: 1 times
  @ElViejon: 1 times
  @DomainGirl: 1 times
  @TNbase: 1 times
  @calst: 1 times
  @aussiesmith: 1 times
  @WellnessHill: 1 times
  @Emani: 1 times
  @amominred: 1 times
  @YrfSquad: 1 times
  @pattydope: 1 times
  @keonikim: 1 times
zglass mentions:
  @ConciergeDC: 1 times
mattinnes mentions:
  @thebuyergroup: 1 times
  @lisabuyer: 1 times
  @sarahvanelzen: 1 times
liverpoolfan74 mentions:
  @RuthLess1: 2 times
  @LiverpoolFan74: 1 times
shoplocalcom mentions:
draxa mentions:
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
  @RoomColorScheme: 1 times
thatsam44 mentions:
  @twseido: 1 times
  @ginaatl: 1 times
_quil_ateara mentions:
ksekher mentions:
  @deepthimurali: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
rgambarini mentions:
  @ElementsOfJazz: 1 times
  @lainiecooke: 1 times
  @ElliFordyce@euskir@KarenLangston@1WorkingMusician@MessiaenProject: 1 times
mberthier mentions:
  @excerptmonday: 1 times
missanthropy15 mentions:
  @kveggiegrl: 1 times
  @vegand: 1 times
  @vegandietitian: 1 times
  @veganB12: 1 times
  @mztania: 1 times
  @veganboy: 1 times
  @veganchic: 1 times
  @srslyvegan: 1 times
becksdavis mentions:
  @DJPlaZma: 1 times
thir13en mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
emmortal mentions:
  @Martiword: 1 times
  @emmortal: 1 times
ericjackson mentions:
  @MarcyMurninghan: 1 times
  @shareowners: 1 times
  @more4mission: 1 times
  @bbaue: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @ericjackson: 1 times
  @dougchia: 1 times
  @retheauditors: 1 times
  @simonbillennes: 1 times
1catahoula mentions:
  @rebelscott: 1 times
hiphopphd mentions:
melissapr mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
terrybelle mentions:
  @PirateWench: 1 times
  @followbackgurl: 1 times
  @saxplaya07: 1 times
  @KellyG5: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @northernsweetie: 1 times
  @Terrybelle: 1 times
  @zachsmind: 1 times
  @koolkiddale: 1 times
bwphoto mentions:
  @havi@markheartofbiz@shaboom@hiroboga@lisasonorabeam@jenlouden@artizencoaching: 1 times
  @rachellavern@lollydaskalfollowfriday: 1 times
openrsm mentions:
  @HealthyStuff: 1 times
  @RobinGood: 1 times
  @jamesburchill: 1 times
  @joshuastanley1: 1 times
natalieabrams mentions:
  @kristinalert: 1 times
  @EricGoldmanIGN: 1 times
  @thetvaddict: 1 times
  @tvmadman: 1 times
  @zap2ithanh: 1 times
  @hitfixdaniel: 1 times
  @korbigirl: 1 times
  @msntv: 1 times
lollieshopping mentions:
  @teller80: 1 times
  @ManyaS: 1 times
  @SaraMooney: 1 times
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
rachelroseberry mentions:
  @OliviaPierce: 1 times
  @RyanDuffey: 1 times
  @erindeal: 1 times
  @jamiepena: 1 times
  @MorganBritney: 1 times
  @stephanietack: 1 times
  @seanskvasik: 1 times
whaskins mentions:
  @ucexpo: 1 times
  @collabocom: 1 times
  @ucvoices: 1 times
  @mrsip: 1 times
  @voiploser: 1 times
  @jodapop: 1 times
  @ehkrapf: 1 times
qofthedaybook mentions:
  @traceymsteele: 1 times
  @EvilPRGuy: 1 times
  @joselitosering: 1 times
  @AlisonRosen: 1 times
  @IsobellaJade: 1 times
thecompromise mentions:
  @BrandonBell: 1 times
  @jdshort: 1 times
  @ComproBass: 1 times
  @StarkCompromise: 1 times
mysugarisraw mentions:
  @tweetieelovee: 1 times
  @melissad: 1 times
  @vallygurl: 1 times
  @emmascarlet: 1 times
  @theellenshow: 1 times
  @vanblue2003: 1 times
  @allieplease: 1 times
javnet mentions:
  @clairewinter: 1 times
  @lilwhy: 1 times
  @nikkigriffin: 1 times
  @katerina724: 1 times
  @tarynsouthern: 1 times
  @dhstratton27: 1 times
  @richtanne: 1 times
  @brettgursky: 1 times
  @autumnreeser: 1 times
bharshe mentions:
  @DrBryanRuocco: 1 times
  @dtdaly: 1 times
  @TraderPlanet: 1 times
  @DrAutumn: 1 times
  @DrDevayneDC: 1 times
  @JanuaryH: 1 times
  @TheBackPainGuy: 1 times
  @danapixie: 1 times
  @chipper39: 1 times
  @VeggieChefMayra: 1 times
dweberconnelly mentions:
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @MelodyInFlorida: 1 times
cristinadunning mentions:
  @connecsean: 1 times
  @LovePortland: 1 times
  @Gwopsolot: 1 times
  @TheBuzzByBrian: 1 times
  @verbz: 1 times
johnnybarry mentions:
  @SuperMoonMan: 1 times
  @phillymac: 1 times
  @HowToMakeMyBlog: 1 times
  @transitionpete: 1 times
  @johnnybarry: 1 times
  @doctorlinguist: 1 times
  @zegolf: 1 times
laurabruen mentions:
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @PeopleHorsePet: 1 times
  @smitty72: 1 times
  @bridalbasics: 1 times
lexbserious mentions:
  @IronyNyc: 1 times
chefashbabe mentions:
  @FozzieBear: 1 times
thealibear mentions:
  @hitlerpuncher: 1 times
  @ajbend: 1 times
leighobryan mentions:
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
hiphoptwit mentions:
  @rcdellara: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
  @hiphoptwit: 1 times
  @JEWELS: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @Dayngr: 1 times
  @psyshrink: 1 times
mrscnc mentions:
  @mikem94590: 1 times
rebeccagoldberg mentions:
  @KellyHushin: 1 times
  @boutiqueDESIGN: 1 times
  @rclewley: 1 times
  @DMDlab: 1 times
  @meghanwelborn: 1 times
  @RebeccaBrownlee: 1 times
  @AHLA: 1 times
shiprachauhan mentions:
  @raulramos: 1 times
  @debrasnider: 1 times
  @C47: 1 times
  @NatConnacher: 1 times
  @algia10: 1 times
  @robandersonsays: 1 times
  @photographworks: 1 times
theboylefactor mentions:
  @2tattoos: 1 times
dallasdustin mentions:
  @dell0717: 1 times
dylwthpn mentions:
  @gospelpundit: 1 times
  @torrenceg: 1 times
  @lisapagebrooks: 1 times
  @kirkfranklin: 1 times
  @litensexc757: 1 times
  @kgilla: 1 times
  @isaacking: 1 times
  @richardpaden: 1 times
jaymc123 mentions:
  @JosephLane: 1 times
  @jaymc123: 1 times
cathywmda mentions:
  @ArteDeb: 2 times
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @SRowl: 1 times
  @mycellar: 1 times
  @CathyWMDA: 1 times
  @Zinfandelity: 1 times
  @MichaelHomula: 1 times
doubled8 mentions:
  @iFanboy: 1 times
  @andydiggle: 1 times
coupondivas mentions:
  @MrsDealFinder: 1 times
  @baseballmommy: 1 times
  @SavingSense: 1 times
  @TheMogulMom: 1 times
br00klynbella mentions:
  @LesleyRoy: 1 times
kealahparkinson mentions:
  @MollyNg: 2 times
  @EpicQuotesDaily: 1 times
  @bluesky03: 1 times
j3nnyb3an mentions:
  @ubertwiter: 1 times
  @UBERTWITER: 1 times
crmstrategies mentions:
  @TriSynergyLLC: 1 times
  @kitson: 1 times
  @mjayliebs: 1 times
  @pgreenbe: 1 times
  @brentleary: 1 times
  @drnatalie: 1 times
  @jesushoyos: 1 times
  @CRMStrategies: 1 times
ryanpthompson mentions:
  @voMethod: 1 times
  @davidmlally: 1 times
  @ryanpthompson: 1 times
  @jazzmalang: 1 times
  @ChrisA9: 1 times
cheezylyfe mentions:
  @YBMTHAREAL1: 1 times
  @CheezyLyfe: 1 times
projeto3d mentions:
  @esquareda: 1 times
  @aseptember: 1 times
  @jgomez13: 1 times
  @projeto3d: 1 times
  @ebloch: 1 times
  @dopzihon: 1 times
juvele mentions:
  @inkapartanen: 1 times
  @pirkkaaunola: 1 times
  @bettinayle: 1 times
  @kuivalainen: 1 times
lwlatlanta mentions:
  @DanekS: 1 times
  @LWLAtlanta: 1 times
  @tk1011: 1 times
  @HeshieSegal: 1 times
  @JonBacon: 1 times
crochetgal mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
jtecnologia mentions:
trapes mentions:
  @DolphinDancer: 1 times
welahloo mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
dealtaker mentions:
  @badforgood: 1 times
pmablog mentions:
  @BangersAndTrash: 1 times
  @muumuse: 1 times
  @CaelestisF: 1 times
  @cableandtweed: 1 times
  @creamteam: 1 times
  @di1: 1 times
  @fishwhisperer: 1 times
  @tinypaintings: 1 times
  @themusicslut: 1 times
  @spigotZ: 1 times
kassha mentions:
  @shinpaul: 1 times
  @molad: 1 times
  @blueinkalchemist: 1 times
  @coderneedsfood: 1 times
  @zoltaroth: 1 times
  @livingworlds: 1 times
maximus_pug mentions:
  @pugsandiego: 1 times
  @BuddyThePuggy: 1 times
  @FrankThePug: 1 times
  @kayathepug: 1 times
  @FranklinPWeenie: 1 times
  @catepug: 1 times
  @nalapug: 1 times
  @PrissyPugAPooh: 1 times
  @pennyglottis: 1 times
shalondagordon mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
  @StephenGonzalez: 1 times
  @careerscoacheu: 1 times
  @sharepositivity: 1 times
  @theretrometro: 1 times
  @lisisilveira: 1 times
  @CalBerkeley: 1 times
jyoop mentions:
  @davelawrence: 1 times
donna_hunter mentions:
  @smileystore: 1 times
williambgoss mentions:
  @allyoulovelypeople: 1 times
airhair4 mentions:
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
c_multimedia mentions:
  @EylerWerve: 1 times
  @globalintegrity: 1 times
  @cmultimedia: 1 times
  @chiwama: 1 times
  @bfund: 1 times
chicosousa mentions:
  @adbusters: 1 times
kleesellshomes mentions:
  @DaDoc04: 2 times
  @candy: 1 times
  @RevvsF1: 1 times
  @Consulting: 1 times
  @SEOULSTYLE: 1 times
  @alexandrakeller: 1 times
  @djm2: 1 times
  @ParanormalScot: 1 times
  @Pinkis4gangstas: 1 times
  @: 1 times
phoenixstan mentions:
  @JonesOnTheNBA: 1 times
  @CandaceParker: 1 times
foreverjohnson mentions:
  @genseek: 1 times
  @worldvrecords: 1 times
  @webduck: 1 times
  @maineroots: 1 times
  @bobbitt: 1 times
  @familylink: 1 times
  @cookinsforme: 1 times
  @Cherryteatime: 1 times
  @footnoteMaven: 1 times
  @mdianerogers: 1 times
hindsitehealth mentions:
  @SwansonBlogBen: 1 times
  @HindsiteHealth: 1 times
philartiste mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
studio618 mentions:
  @purplesparkle: 1 times
  @quirkydolls: 1 times
  @mandibeads: 1 times
  @bijouxboutique: 1 times
  @SouthPawStudios: 1 times
  @ldeandyment: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
mabelslabelsmom mentions:
  @MyPlateMate: 1 times
  @njplaygrounds: 1 times
  @munchkindesigns: 1 times
  @mumby: 1 times
  @3ellis: 1 times
  @juliecole: 1 times
richburroughs mentions:
  @mikemadden: 1 times
shawnmarier mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
blackberryrocks mentions:
  @ninjasays: 1 times
  @chelseytx: 1 times
  @MOCO77: 1 times
  @JDahveed: 1 times
  @brandonscott: 1 times
  @dokterstranj: 1 times
  @nursemichelle80: 1 times
  @melissadianep: 1 times
4themommas mentions:
  @MrsDealFinder: 1 times
  @sararachelle: 1 times
  @homemakerbarbi: 1 times
  @consumerqueen: 1 times
  @dealseekingmom: 1 times
  @bargainbriana: 1 times
  @missbargainista: 1 times
keelysanderson mentions:
  @Laurana21: 1 times
militarymama mentions:
  @sbrondum: 1 times
silentangie mentions:
  @adbusters: 1 times
schoeny mentions:
  @c4mer0n: 1 times
  @ScottTriana: 1 times
  @twishitter: 1 times
  @hsukenooi: 1 times
  @ricaurte: 1 times
  @HerrHawkins: 1 times
  @themicahminute: 1 times
benedictpup mentions:
  @parkerthecollie: 1 times
  @willmydoghateme: 1 times
  @step1dogs: 1 times
  @BluetheDawg: 1 times
  @barknmore: 1 times
  @joebean: 1 times
insom_amnes mentions:
  @JimHamilton: 1 times
  @MAhmadinejad: 1 times
  @baileygenine: 1 times
larryczerwonka mentions:
  @ourangelgabe: 1 times
athenasazure mentions:
  @AuCourantAmour: 1 times
amydbrooks mentions:
  @cmckie: 1 times
  @trishagary: 1 times
  @jenniferheth: 1 times
  @jph96amh: 1 times
whatupchip mentions:
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
wvaids mentions:
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @gpleroux: 1 times
yeah_its_dave mentions:
  @chipkidd: 1 times
  @strongstufftom: 1 times
  @DaveMcKean: 1 times
  @jimlee00: 1 times
  @warrenellis: 1 times
  @swierczy: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @jennywade: 1 times
  @tomgabor: 1 times
blondetwit mentions:
  @AllTurdReality: 1 times
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
feliperig mentions:
  @jtecnologia: 1 times
thedolan mentions:
  @WakeUpwithDougK: 1 times
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
  @AlexMandossian: 1 times
graff_king mentions:
  @MissHighTech: 1 times
  @blazedconfused: 1 times
  @livinglegends: 1 times
  @AdCharlie: 1 times
  @TheEngTeacher: 1 times
  @Cinnamon27: 1 times
warrenaissance mentions:
  @sallyladner: 1 times
  @hiphopandlove: 1 times
  @aribotsford: 1 times
aka55 mentions:
  @jodikicksass: 1 times
  @notsooglam: 1 times
kimneeley mentions:
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
liawhiting mentions:
  @quaresmajpqp: 1 times
  @ruifelix: 1 times
  @TugaSerio: 1 times
meducate mentions:
  @coachkiki: 1 times
levidayley mentions:
  @mvolpe: 1 times
  @jpseabury: 1 times
  @IdaApps: 1 times
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
  @dschach: 1 times
  @forcedotcom: 1 times
  @timoreilly: 1 times
pkerwood mentions:
  @nickwarren: 1 times
angellr mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @zippycart: 1 times
  @JeanneElle: 1 times
  @BryanLongworth: 1 times
  @milesi: 1 times
b0redmel mentions:
  @streetscene: 1 times
  @chelsealately: 1 times
  @legitradio: 1 times
r_w_h mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
slimfender mentions:
  @justinbellinger: 1 times
seattlewushu mentions:
  @combaton: 1 times
  @TanDaoKungfu: 1 times
  @MasterBoozer: 1 times
  @AkidoLady: 1 times
  @MMAKRAV: 1 times
zerolimitsr mentions:
  @BenMack: 1 times
  @EricFarewell: 1 times
  @hkremer: 1 times
  @KMelen: 1 times
  @marlonsanders: 1 times
  @WendiTV: 1 times
  @ConnieGreen: 1 times
  @patobryan: 1 times
intoxicologist mentions:
  @misssmith11: 1 times
  @whiskychat: 1 times
  @JimBeamFans: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @everydaydrinker: 1 times
operagirl25 mentions:
  @HRMTheQueen: 1 times
  @mishacollinslet: 1 times
joymeredith mentions:
  @BrianLynch: 1 times
craigbru mentions:
  @custompcmax: 1 times
  @Mnpctech: 1 times
rtgeek mentions:
  @Kwech: 1 times
  @pinktentacle: 1 times
  @klaatu: 1 times
  @cbr: 1 times
  @io9: 1 times
  @greatwhitesnark: 1 times
  @rejects: 1 times
  @bonniegrrl: 1 times
  @fantasysf: 1 times
  @paranormalsp: 1 times
takeroot mentions:
  @karlameachem: 1 times
  @lynnmosher: 1 times
blazinglily mentions:
  @jetpatterns: 1 times
  @DPixel: 1 times
  @beachchicken: 1 times
  @CardboxDiva: 1 times
  @TheSickChick: 1 times
dean_cummings mentions:
tqnews mentions:
  @lynlasneski: 1 times
  @maryellenobrien: 1 times
akarado mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
arieduardo mentions:
  @cherman: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ficwriter mentions:
  @CodyDaigle: 1 times
thespeckledpear mentions:
  @UnravelMeDesign: 1 times
  @CreateandInvent: 1 times
  @BlazingLily: 1 times
  @sewfetching: 1 times
  @contentcottage: 1 times
  @FrenchPressKnit: 1 times
  @babybigmouth: 1 times
chrisvanpatten mentions:
  @CaiRad: 1 times
  @SteveOnBroadway: 1 times
  @KevinDDaly: 1 times
  @KenDavenport: 1 times
  @MJBarattini: 1 times
  @UBTheatreDance: 1 times
cpsia mentions:
  @CitizenTweet: 1 times
bshendr mentions:
  @SteveKayser: 1 times
mixxbosses mentions:
  @DJIKEGDA: 1 times
  @BigChampTheBoss: 1 times
  @BOSSLADY3450: 1 times
  @BOSSTREDOT: 1 times
  @mixxbosses: 1 times
  @tinytbosslady: 1 times
msbrooks2u mentions:
  @Kimmy6313: 1 times
  @mickbetancourt: 1 times
lavalamplv mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @zup202: 1 times
  @silwik: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @Hispanic: 1 times
mlchawaii mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @TechCrunch: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
dragonlady76 mentions:
  @SacramentoZoo: 1 times
  @fairytaletown: 1 times
cheekypolack mentions:
  @JeremyFeist: 1 times
  @redneckmommy: 1 times
  @JackieKessler: 1 times
  @pajiba: 1 times
ravenclaw82 mentions:
  @schiff2010: 1 times
  @aznextgov: 1 times
  @VoteMonds: 1 times
infidelsarecool mentions:
  @scrowder: 1 times
wererelated mentions:
  @JohnAguiar: 1 times
  @cfbandit: 1 times
  @EssenceAromatic: 1 times
  @mdianerogers: 1 times
  @drewmo: 1 times
  @ingridfuller: 1 times
getjackson mentions:
  @GeniusRocketBiz: 1 times
wendmagazine mentions:
  @theclimbergirl: 1 times
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @rossborden: 1 times
  @daveburdick: 1 times
  @ddefranza: 1 times
  @DerekMarkham: 1 times
knowgreen mentions:
  @greenandhealthy: 1 times
  @safercans: 1 times
  @gogogavigan: 1 times
  @smartmama: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @goodguide: 1 times
  @icount4myearth: 1 times
  @thecanaryreport: 1 times
  @healthychild: 1 times
ucsmiles mentions:
  @PeterLiu47Big: 1 times
  @raatz: 1 times
  @ucsmiles: 1 times
  @laurainea: 1 times
  @craigonmaui: 1 times
  @alohakim: 1 times
  @BuyHomeinMaui: 1 times
junipergrrl mentions:
  @shaleeta: 1 times
  @RawHippy: 1 times
  @FoodMattersFilm: 1 times
  @thevegan: 1 times
  @Larkn0298: 1 times
  @nineravens: 1 times
  @junipergrrl: 1 times
bvlad mentions:
emiliojspg mentions:
  @wjmarchitect: 1 times
  @SuButcher: 1 times
  @artnnature: 1 times
  @threefourteen: 1 times
  @christiborden: 1 times
  @greengirlinnj: 1 times
  @architectderek: 1 times
jbcp mentions:
  @skashliwal: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
dago_esq mentions:
  @JanayLuv: 1 times
  @TheREALMahogany: 1 times
  @MBGQueen: 1 times
  @alyb: 1 times
  @therealmahogany: 1 times
  @ElainaVampress: 1 times
  @mistymonteith: 1 times
  @shonishon: 1 times
  @Sueboo2u: 1 times
fsphotography mentions:
  @michaelhubbard: 1 times
  @jeromeaoustin: 1 times
  @claucastilla: 1 times
  @jelefant: 1 times
  @fpresources: 1 times
  @conflagratio: 1 times
  @newmediaphoto: 1 times
ambitiousmee mentions:
  @fauntleroy@TinieTempah: 1 times
  @keshandkitty: 1 times
ngowers mentions:
  @MagpieGuy: 1 times
  @lisa24270: 1 times
  @odarling: 1 times
  @LouMorgan: 1 times
  @PaulWestlake: 1 times
  @Moonchild66: 1 times
  @Cpltshirt: 1 times
  @Leafybear: 1 times
  @markboardman: 1 times
doggedpursuit mentions:
  @BenedictPup: 1 times
  @doggedpursuit: 1 times
  @HarleyCollie: 1 times
  @PawLuxury: 1 times
  @CollieRescue: 1 times
  @ConnertheDog: 1 times
a_sourgirl mentions:
  @demonbaby: 1 times
  @bowwow614: 1 times
emilykonstan mentions:
  @MBHolistic: 1 times
katelaurielee mentions:
  @bookclubgirl: 1 times
  @lizzieskurnick: 1 times
teripolzin mentions:
  @danielgriesbeck: 1 times
  @teripolzin: 1 times
  @etechwriter: 1 times
  @frittsmotorsports: 1 times
  @brianchouston: 1 times
  @edmarsh: 1 times
  @awkwardfamily: 1 times
  @bradccoleman: 1 times
jettjetta mentions:
  @teasastips: 1 times
  @JETTJETTA: 1 times
  @Exercise2Fitnes: 1 times
  @Footdr69: 1 times
  @joyntheir: 1 times
  @jeb0921: 1 times
  @lilruth: 1 times
  @bandyt88: 1 times
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
  @jsinkeywest: 1 times
chadamiller mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @jdrive: 1 times
  @moonalice: 1 times
  @billbarhydt: 1 times
  @mlaine: 1 times
guildasxmboy mentions:
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @LadyLegacy: 1 times
  @AdebisiBlaxCEO: 1 times
  @BlackSkepik: 1 times
  @HellzYea: 1 times
babycachet mentions:
  @mombloggersclub: 1 times
  @sproutstyle: 1 times
  @thebabyplanner: 1 times
  @BonBonCupcakes: 1 times
  @: 1 times
errandsultd mentions:
captblackeagle mentions:
  @GovMikeHuckabee: 1 times
virtualsharon mentions:
  @fineinteriors: 2 times
  @mlomb: 1 times
  @belovelloso: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @VirtualSharon: 1 times
ctpublishing mentions:
jimburnell mentions:
kirahaselip mentions:
  @salandpepper: 1 times
  @Stephanie9683: 1 times
  @mscornwall: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
  @cutesyme: 1 times
  @LaniSimpson: 1 times
  @kirahaselip: 1 times
  @anzrocks19: 1 times
thelifeofpower mentions:
  @aznextgov: 1 times
  @HelloMichy: 1 times
  @Rorschach90: 1 times
  @AZBenson: 1 times
  @fjstreeter: 1 times
  @PS1968: 1 times
  @MaryStringer: 1 times
  @Stang50: 1 times
  @LynSue: 1 times
  @katheesue: 1 times
  @treo700: 1 times
c4th_t1t4 mentions:
  @Milupas: 1 times
  @buXa: 1 times
  @andrenovo: 1 times
  @kaynha: 1 times
  @Phobos: 1 times
  @paulapico: 1 times
  @Lmalopes: 1 times
  @joelysandra: 1 times
  @apcas: 1 times
  @Luxxx65: 1 times
homeworkshop mentions:
  @shariart: 1 times
  @SusanSerraCKD: 1 times
  @outdoorinterior: 1 times
  @cr8tivejen: 1 times
  @SweetSoaps: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
withfoam mentions:
  @samsoffes: 1 times
  @mike9r: 1 times
  @jordanwlee: 1 times
  @sassyapache: 1 times
  @coopaleworks: 1 times
bitlockers mentions:
  @JordanPatterson: 1 times
  @HuntHenning: 1 times
  @AEWallace: 1 times
  @macmanianetwork: 1 times
  @Bitlockers: 1 times
  @Bwana: 1 times
  @Jon4Lakers: 1 times
  @itsmemorphious: 1 times
demise_doll mentions:
  @ShevaAlomar: 1 times
  @claireredfield: 1 times
  @ChrisRedfield: 1 times
  @weskeralbert: 1 times
  @excellagionne: 1 times
  @LeonKennedy: 1 times
  @WilliamBirkin: 1 times
  @annettebirkin: 1 times
renaissgourmet mentions:
  @FrsrValleyPulse: 1 times
  @kvbijou: 1 times
  @Erroin: 1 times
  @cathyempey: 1 times
  @pursesandmore: 1 times
  @savvyinsider: 1 times
  @chictocheek: 1 times
e_shirt_com mentions:
gaildoby mentions:
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
  @AlexMandossian: 1 times
julierasmussen mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @JeskaEatsBrains: 1 times
  @twoOt: 1 times
  @kathrynarnold: 1 times
  @JulieRasmussen: 1 times
  @jeckert78: 1 times
  @michaelnobbs: 1 times
twilkcom mentions:
  @bobdiercksmeier: 2 times
chadlivengood mentions:
  @onlinenursing: 1 times
  @SpringfieldCVB: 1 times
  @ChadLivengood: 1 times
  @shawnaskinosie: 1 times
  @sgfblogs: 1 times
  @TheParkBoard: 1 times
revfans mentions:
  @jessicalim: 1 times
  @revtheory: 1 times
  @revfans: 1 times
  @RockTheRed: 1 times
  @KulpreetSingh: 1 times
  @TS3: 1 times
  @tristanwaight: 1 times
  @ambercult: 1 times
nathanbyrne mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
davederoo mentions:
  @jerrymontano: 1 times
  @BReal420: 1 times
  @blasko666: 1 times
  @theMentors: 1 times
  @scottych: 1 times
  @theroxy: 1 times
  @keyclub: 1 times
  @The99centshow: 1 times
  @derekfisher: 1 times
teetrizzz mentions:
online_mum mentions:
  @Helenb: 1 times
  @mimikatelouise: 1 times
  @MumofSix: 1 times
  @eczemasupport: 1 times
matthewmadotcom mentions:
  @: 1 times
maxinemaxxy mentions:
  @mynameiskatie: 1 times
  @annamaxxy: 1 times
pbmattrussell mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @mindykaling: 1 times
  @paulfeig: 1 times
vrikis mentions:
becksyjo mentions:
peebles mentions:
  @powershift09: 1 times
  @climatebill: 1 times
  @creighdeeds: 1 times
  @fakevirginia: 1 times
  @mogmaar: 1 times
ashleygreen mentions:
  @RommelCali: 1 times
  @suzannewilliams: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @carece: 1 times
  @SherrieKeys: 1 times
  @GenaLivings: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
  @donnajfox: 1 times
seanhodge mentions:
  @LogoMotives: 1 times
callmerideout mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @dprince2124: 1 times
  @JazzyLadee1908: 1 times
  @GoodFathersOnly: 1 times
  @TheBigLipinski: 1 times
  @CallMeRideOut: 1 times
  @maritorres: 1 times
reverse_vampyr mentions:
  @clobrien: 1 times
  @DonPublius: 1 times
  @JamieGator: 1 times
  @goparchitect: 1 times
  @andylevy: 1 times
  @Violetlilly: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @JakeBeebe: 1 times
ballardstar mentions:
  @jonwilks: 1 times
  @bpartridge: 1 times
  @itspatporter: 1 times
  @penciljesus: 1 times
  @dpcwollmann: 1 times
  @ballardstar: 1 times
  @davewilkinson: 1 times
lesdefoor mentions:
  @n8smith: 1 times
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
enjoyceinglife mentions:
  @tayari: 1 times
riotgrrrlonline mentions:
  @wensdheydelarj: 1 times
  @GlowStick: 1 times
  @djaaries: 1 times
  @astrogrrl: 1 times
  @spacefem: 1 times
wendwe mentions:
  @blahgirls: 1 times
  @spreadthemovie: 1 times
merlechloe mentions:
  @suefaw: 1 times
  @lilwldchld: 1 times
  @murnahan: 1 times
  @MerleChloe: 1 times
  @ladybirdlake: 1 times
  @passchal: 1 times
  @CountryColors: 1 times
  @marley1964: 1 times
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
wotn mentions:
  @ClearedJobsNet: 1 times
nitrogen_e mentions:
cravingbalance mentions:
  @ashleyacker: 1 times
liz777ann2 mentions:
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @Pentenscribes: 1 times
everyjoe mentions:
  @AnthonyAponte: 1 times
  @fivewithflores: 1 times
  @gadgenista: 1 times
  @JeanneD: 1 times
  @jyle: 1 times
  @TheMileHighFan: 1 times
  @fraserke: 1 times
  @egoebelbecker: 1 times
stylishstylist mentions:
  @youngxquizit: 2 times
  @PrinceSammie: 1 times
  @common: 1 times
  @JaydenEnglish: 1 times
  @StylishStylist: 1 times
  @BJermain: 1 times
heatherwill mentions:
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
spicypants mentions:
  @Bleakey: 1 times
  @yblud: 1 times
  @bittenandbound: 1 times
  @popbytes: 1 times
shannonseek mentions:
  @AndreaPuddu: 2 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
figstation mentions:
  @Ianjamespoulter: 1 times
luxxx65 mentions:
  @C4THT1T4: 2 times
redvoid mentions:
  @calvinharris: 1 times
  @boysnoize: 1 times
  @staticgrooves: 1 times
  @LavelleDupree: 1 times
  @DaveSpoon: 1 times
steveagee mentions:
  @rubenfleischer: 1 times
  @barvonblaq: 1 times
  @RWZombie: 1 times
  @EugeneMirman: 1 times
  @MartinStarr: 1 times
  @Roiland: 1 times
  @Thomaslennon: 1 times
  @ScottAukerman: 1 times
ericatwitts mentions:
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
sentinel47 mentions:
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
xtapol mentions:
  @captblackeagle: 1 times
  @dvd493: 1 times
kingestate mentions:
  @CafeYumm: 1 times
  @deschutesbeer: 1 times
  @kingestate: 1 times
grist mentions:
  @elephantjournal: 1 times
  @downtownboulder: 1 times
  @grist: 1 times
cindiny152 mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
enlightenlaura mentions:
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
  @TankaBarLinda: 1 times
  @metalinjection: 1 times
  @elissastein: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @EnlightenLaura: 1 times
  @AdultTwitFinder: 1 times
designsbysandy mentions:
  @Snoopster1: 1 times
  @mexicanasilver: 1 times
  @mestiere: 1 times
  @feline9: 1 times
  @littlebead: 1 times
  @LoviesGems: 1 times
  @designsbysandyfollowfriday: 1 times
greatlifecjw mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @renagades: 1 times
vipingoel mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
djbryantd mentions:
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @niteskolar: 1 times
  @quantum2virtual: 1 times
  @ashthon: 1 times
  @amineanea: 1 times
  @cbossplaya: 1 times
  @YungCed: 1 times
  @KISHEZ: 1 times
  @thebombshell: 1 times
growmap mentions:
  @Karmatical: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
pamkayks mentions:
  @JimKondo: 1 times
  @ketsangtai: 1 times
  @RustyFitnessBB: 1 times
  @pamkayks: 1 times
  @cloecouturier: 1 times
  @nostalgialife: 1 times
  @BrendaHilliard: 1 times
trippylobsta mentions:
  @env420: 1 times
  @bignorse: 1 times
  @flimgeeks: 1 times
  @porridgebrain: 1 times
sconi mentions:
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @Zion13: 1 times
trypnotik mentions:
  @BeniHoff: 1 times
  @thedailycunt: 1 times
  @carloscunt: 1 times
  @cuntrobot: 1 times
  @ImACunt: 1 times
  @totalcunt: 1 times
  @cuntycunt: 1 times
  @cuntcandle: 1 times
  @Fuckoffyoucunt: 1 times
  @CBSNews: 1 times
angelger28 mentions:
  @fabrichound: 1 times
  @Barij: 1 times
  @Portabellopixie: 1 times
  @Sisboom: 1 times
  @betzwhite: 1 times
  @supa: 1 times
lettergirl mentions:
  @KGBTexas: 1 times
  @bkearney: 1 times
  @norafrost: 1 times
  @normalguyguide: 1 times
  @DaveinSA: 1 times
  @roybragg: 1 times
redmangoceo mentions:
markbrown83 mentions:
  @lillou82: 1 times
  @CharlyPlaying: 1 times
  @chelle83: 1 times
  @Hyperopia: 1 times
  @kinwonderland: 1 times
  @kingsofleongrl: 1 times
  @ParanoidMarvin: 1 times
  @Pussycat253: 1 times
ericjstar mentions:
  @rs23skruff: 1 times
bella_in_forks mentions:
  @BlackJacob: 1 times
  @EmilyinLaPush: 1 times
  @ClaireinLaPush: 1 times
  @EmbryinLaPush: 1 times
j0shsanch3z mentions:
nazzy mentions:
toddschnick mentions:
  @stonepayton: 1 times
jasonhockey mentions:
  @yungcarlo: 2 times
  @piscesqnd223: 1 times
  @PrettyJnellz: 1 times
  @Prince1129: 1 times
  @SAMHOOKCOMPOUND: 1 times
  @SimplySashe: 1 times
  @ThatBoyGotSole: 1 times
amandakathryn mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
bobtheteacher mentions:
  @jameswedmore: 1 times
flipvine mentions:
  @haleybs: 1 times
  @TheLoungeReport: 1 times
  @ivantumanov: 1 times
  @smartoons: 1 times
debra_warren mentions:
  @liajen: 1 times
emmawllms mentions:
  @WOWchoice: 1 times
  @NeoConChicago: 1 times
  @emmawllms: 1 times
  @ASID: 1 times
  @MetropolisMag: 1 times
  @contractmag: 1 times
lanzanza mentions:
  @jhcordeiro: 1 times
  @adbusters: 1 times
moo_moo_mobile mentions:
  @BitterMoonD: 2 times
priscillaparham mentions:
  @McLaughlin: 1 times
  @PetLvr: 1 times
innerarchitect mentions:
  @raygsmn: 1 times
shoegalsarah mentions:
  @jenniferdecan: 1 times
  @Sportschickca: 1 times
  @shoegalsarah: 1 times
fredbirdstl mentions:
  @Southpaw32: 1 times
  @whitneylindeman: 1 times
  @aecreek: 1 times
  @PitchersHit8th: 1 times
  @mvpballplayer2: 1 times
  @bigjstl: 1 times
  @ZoDogg34: 1 times
  @dwatsonexodus: 1 times
donshapiro1 mentions:
  @mikehenrysr: 1 times
soonertex mentions:
  @pwningbeauty: 1 times
  @mello32: 1 times
  @leftybrown: 1 times
  @myhoopslink: 1 times
  @apneatic: 1 times
  @toddherman: 1 times
  @kingquagmire: 1 times
  @mjamrst: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
  @weezul: 1 times
gigglez4ever mentions:
  @RandyInman: 1 times
  @clareification: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @bethanyshondark: 1 times
  @shanembauman: 1 times
  @JohnTalleos: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
dianacanada mentions:
  @JayLink: 1 times
  @CharlieAndMe: 1 times
  @teachmeplease: 1 times
  @librantyger: 1 times
  @elizabethfury: 1 times
allisonmmarkin mentions:
  @sheldonpearce: 1 times
  @dribbleworld: 1 times
  @mycellar: 1 times
  @okwinecasual: 1 times
  @okanaganfof: 1 times
  @pentictonrec: 1 times
camp_bow_wow mentions:
  @agilespots: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @jenniesloan1: 1 times
  @johnwaire: 1 times
  @DogPhot: 1 times
dr_mike mentions:
  @spudcomics: 1 times
christinefarmer mentions:
nithska mentions:
  @ddtannenbaumTo: 1 times
  @wholeexpanse: 1 times
  @ThomasHensel: 1 times
  @birdynumnumz: 1 times
  @mbranesf: 1 times
  @derekjgoodman: 1 times
  @merchyndi: 1 times
  @johnanealio: 1 times
mark_boardman mentions:
  @PaulRBarber: 1 times
jowie85 mentions:
  @andyvanhout: 1 times
jjreich mentions:
  @AllisonRed1: 1 times
nomad_garrett mentions:
  @Magsryan: 1 times
  @VTravis: 1 times
  @EmilyYoung: 1 times
  @WerewolfLeah: 1 times
  @TanyaDenali: 1 times
  @CarmenDenali: 1 times
  @Nomadcharlotte: 1 times
  @jhuffstu: 1 times
  @MrMonkeyMan: 1 times
fdrpebbles mentions:
  @travelingmamas: 2 times
latinegro mentions:
  @vicnoho: 1 times
  @pegaita: 1 times
  @latinegro: 1 times
  @ramcosca: 1 times
  @boriken: 1 times
  @efrainortizjr: 1 times
wisco_adrian mentions:
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
alexschleber mentions:
  @HajjFlemings: 1 times
  @TheBrandBuilder: 1 times
  @DanSchwabel: 1 times
michaelbelba mentions:
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @intrepid316: 1 times
  @Mankan70: 1 times
  @MichaelBelba: 1 times
  @GoldenRoo: 1 times
  @KrooDesMoines: 1 times
  @HlthyHomNiagara: 1 times
atslady mentions:
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @jotebro: 1 times
  @slonecker: 1 times
  @mamacaps: 1 times
  @atslady: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
s_strong mentions:
  @MzRaYrAe: 2 times
  @juz1complexsoul: 1 times
  @kidinc: 1 times
  @DrunkenNyt: 1 times
  @tymefamily: 1 times
  @youngquiz: 1 times
  @SeasonSays: 1 times
  @OvATyME: 1 times
  @foxxxybrown: 1 times
  @b: 1 times
majdamagdalena mentions:
  @FlaglerBeach: 1 times
  @miritturley: 1 times
  @jantoomer: 1 times
  @healthyjo: 1 times
  @majdamagdalena: 1 times
  @Huronsailor: 1 times
evilmaharaja mentions:
  @WTFOSO: 2 times
  @DebbieOo: 1 times
  @SuPolo: 1 times
  @kristinburbey: 1 times
  @TheRealDJames: 1 times
  @evilmaharaja: 1 times
boulderthecat mentions:
  @boulderthecat: 1 times
thegayplaces mentions:
  @pink: 1 times
  @jillsobule: 1 times
  @officialkathyg: 1 times
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
  @cincyartmuseum: 1 times
  @biggaymovie: 1 times
  @cbcarts: 1 times
  @cbcvancouver: 1 times
  @cherrybombtv: 1 times
xgygyx mentions:
  @stardoll: 1 times
kismet1990 mentions:
  @WorksInProgress: 1 times
  @bevello: 1 times
anamstudios mentions:
  @jenkin7NICK: 1 times
  @MikeMundell: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @anamstudios: 1 times
  @MasterMindCoach: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @centralnm: 1 times
  @RobAPowell: 1 times
ukdad mentions:
  @JoanneMatthews: 1 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
vivalaveronica mentions:
  @dreeinthesky: 1 times
  @bkinwonderland: 1 times
  @luucashenrique: 1 times
  @jeeeffi: 1 times
  @cinternacionais: 1 times
  @coelhors: 1 times
  @pedrosogui: 1 times
  @missjeffreestar: 1 times
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
frankshrum mentions:
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @KennonFort: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @ProsperityGal: 1 times
  @Birgit1: 1 times
  @RuddyOrtiz: 1 times
  @MediaStarr: 1 times
  @YanikSilver: 1 times
djphotography mentions:
  @misseskwittys: 1 times
  @inmyheadstudios: 1 times
  @JewelCraft: 1 times
  @EtsyTwitrTeam: 1 times
  @firebirdhouse: 1 times
  @crossmyheartjwl: 1 times
  @joslinjewels: 1 times
ivansharris mentions:
  @mckra1g: 1 times
  @simonscotland: 1 times
  @youRthere: 1 times
  @ivansharris: 1 times
mbsg mentions:
  @markismusing: 1 times
maukingbird mentions:
  @onlyonce: 1 times
jessiemona mentions:
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @OhDatsBeezy: 1 times
  @scorpio510: 1 times
  @jessiemona: 1 times
  @BlkwithWhtStrpz: 1 times
  @OhShizzle: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
pullmarketer mentions:
  @SecretCashBuild: 2 times
  @GaryGlasscock: 1 times
  @anne0208: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @pullmarketer: 1 times
  @MaheshKukreja: 1 times
gaslampquarter mentions:
  @SDIndyDining: 1 times
  @GaslampQuarter: 1 times
  @marcmcpherson: 1 times
  @DiscoverSD: 1 times
  @MartyMartini: 1 times
  @KingofHappyHour: 1 times
  @KidsMealDeals: 1 times
  @portof: 1 times
france_normandy mentions:
  @elizabethdehoff: 1 times
  @greatgrapes: 1 times
  @Frenchywilson: 1 times
  @claudinemartha: 1 times
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @MyMelange: 1 times
travelogged mentions:
  @LindbladExp: 1 times
  @JeromeShaw: 1 times
  @Travelaholic: 1 times
  @purentonline: 1 times
  @TripGuy: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @MarinaVillatoro: 1 times
  @migrationology: 1 times
  @hyperren: 1 times
jedinemesis mentions:
  @jedinemesis: 1 times
  @djmetropolis: 1 times
  @aklaim: 1 times
  @mogulstatus: 1 times
  @sicosyrus: 1 times
  @jinz0: 1 times
  @drawzilla: 1 times
stephagresta mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 10 times
uangel mentions:
  @LizzieTagg: 1 times
  @misstiggy86: 1 times
  @: 2 times
  @teresakitten: 1 times
  @lallaporter: 1 times
  @Joeduck: 1 times
  @AndrewRadcliffe: 1 times
  @rauldore: 1 times
bobonbusiness mentions:
  @neestaples: 1 times
  @Riarocco: 1 times
  @PrayforAidan: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
  @Laraslattery: 1 times
  @BobOnBusiness: 1 times
jpuent mentions:
  @LethalPrincess: 1 times
  @UFC: 1 times
  @jpuent: 1 times
  @mstracylee: 1 times
  @missrara: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
  @DarthMolen: 1 times
  @issradio: 1 times
  @mayhemmiller: 1 times
mikemadden mentions:
  @richburroughs: 1 times
  @chloebeetle: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @teribeau: 1 times
  @rkref: 1 times
jfultz77 mentions:
meauxdub mentions:
  @davidalangrier: 1 times
dqstudios mentions:
d2k mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @jordanalexisbby: 1 times
  @starduck: 1 times
  @d2k: 1 times
  @morevi: 1 times
getreadysetgo mentions:
  @Monarchdancer: 1 times
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @BululuStudio: 1 times
  @waterrose: 1 times
ryansgarden mentions:
  @MrsFiddlesticks: 1 times
  @Miowkitty: 1 times
writeadvantage mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
miaria00 mentions:
  @BoulderTheCatIf: 1 times
  @boulderthecat: 1 times
techlinks_tom mentions:
  @mdigroup: 1 times
  @thompsontech: 1 times
  @timdavis: 1 times
  @techlinksmike: 1 times
  @neboweb: 1 times
  @alexaellis: 1 times
  @ericgallant: 1 times
  @mkogon: 1 times
  @definition6: 1 times
  @arketi: 1 times
missaup mentions:
  @HeatWave06: 1 times
  @uberthegeek: 1 times
  @apoloniamilan: 1 times
shomarihines mentions:
  @aGenTSMiThfILeS: 1 times
  @shomarihines: 1 times
concepmakelove mentions:
  @DTClothing: 1 times
  @BKSmedia: 1 times
  @unkut: 1 times
  @restlessfilms: 1 times
  @concepmakelove: 1 times
  @JennyMariePR: 1 times
nikoman44 mentions:
  @greekandblack: 1 times
  @TaniaPV: 1 times
  @HarryHarley: 1 times
  @varthakouris: 1 times
  @nikoman44: 1 times
  @QueerjohnPA: 1 times
  @peterdaou: 1 times
  @mmaction: 1 times
  @BLACKSOLUTIONS: 1 times
yonitdm mentions:
  @moosh2: 1 times
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
  @joeymcintyre: 1 times
  @nkotb: 1 times
  @jordanknight: 1 times
  @jonathanrknight: 1 times
  @dannywood: 1 times
canwestopthis mentions:
  @petscribbles: 1 times
  @workhomexpert: 1 times
  @washwhendirty: 1 times
  @objectivityrach: 1 times
  @mychaos: 1 times
mabynshingleton mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
toddzuniga mentions:
  @Harkaway: 1 times
  @toddzuniga: 1 times
_biscrok mentions:
  @acessibilidade: 1 times
anataj mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
couragerequired mentions:
  @MitchBenn: 1 times
  @MsClara: 1 times
  @davidschneider: 1 times
pattyvieira mentions:
  @cesarmillan: 1 times
  @foodandhowtoeat: 1 times
  @Rhia22: 1 times
  @eclectic1: 1 times
  @onchee1970: 1 times
  @Licokitty: 1 times
  @fidoandwino: 1 times
  @instyledecor: 1 times
laragreenway mentions:
  @bettybluetoyou: 1 times
  @brettgalvin: 1 times
  @danielturner: 1 times
  @danowen79: 1 times
  @emperorsclothes: 1 times
  @JancisRobinson: 1 times
  @jodiekearns: 1 times
  @StephenMurphy: 1 times
obviouswriter mentions:
  @teenius: 1 times
  @webjourney: 1 times
  @gibsonlisa: 1 times
secretcashbuild mentions:
  @pullmarketer: 1 times
msmartinez2you mentions:
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @ijustine: 1 times
  @tntradioempire: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @MsMartinez2you: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
  @Pepperfire: 1 times
  @DamonMazzocco: 1 times
anthonycerreta mentions:
  @Helsinkivalo: 1 times
citygirllife mentions:
  @Chrysdesigns: 1 times
  @timothyadam: 1 times
  @ChaoticCurios: 1 times
  @steet: 1 times
  @motleyboutique: 1 times
  @abeadaday: 1 times
  @citygirllife: 1 times
  @magdalune: 1 times
  @beautythesis: 1 times
mylenevalencia mentions:
  @mylittleswans: 1 times
  @onthegowithamy: 1 times
  @ianvanhoof: 1 times
  @grahamfarrar: 1 times
  @jodiebentley: 1 times
  @catmargulis: 1 times
  @TravelMamas: 1 times
jwillie mentions:
  @thelocaltourist: 1 times
  @dawnreiss: 1 times
  @groupon: 1 times
  @grubhub: 1 times
  @dpzramon: 1 times
sing1412 mentions:
  @feeg0666: 1 times
  @nathanbyrne: 1 times
  @wannahaiku: 1 times
  @retromags: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @sing1412: 1 times
  @claudiar21: 1 times
  @noewait: 1 times
  @strangedeadfish: 1 times
lala_hayez mentions:
  @marceldion: 1 times
  @iwritenotes: 1 times
  @xoxoARTxoxo: 1 times
  @ModelChicTwiqqy: 1 times
  @tabbyruiz: 1 times
  @MyszRieBDC: 1 times
  @YaLoveDocta: 1 times
  @cupcakexlove: 1 times
  @ChristinaDiaz12: 1 times
aquaprosolution mentions:
  @rodgersrave: 1 times
  @gsocialmedia: 1 times
  @cwampler: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @askasheville: 1 times
  @alexxanicole: 1 times
  @roxanepeyser: 1 times
  @sdsuicats: 1 times
  @dripwater: 1 times
  @annkatrinb: 1 times
brianmattocks mentions:
  @keithferrazzi: 1 times
lauravanderhye mentions:
  @Bridgette: 1 times
  @AmiAhuja: 1 times
  @: 1 times
yo_antitwitter mentions:
  @mcimino: 1 times
  @yoAntitwitter: 1 times
  @xbermudez: 1 times
justine_hughes mentions:
  @sarahgb: 1 times
shanisereene mentions:
  @shanisereene: 1 times
  @whu: 1 times
  @tamiadanielle: 1 times
  @niceymostlikely: 1 times
  @msveevee: 1 times
  @liznewlifee: 1 times
justmario mentions:
  @drpaulkrawitz: 1 times
  @jrick: 1 times
  @lensChic: 1 times
  @healthyrdRT: 1 times
  @DietAdvisor: 1 times
  @AngilTarachRN: 1 times
  @gerdaduring: 1 times
  @mikeAdmani: 1 times
  @BobBabcockNow: 1 times
dijibeatnetwork mentions:
  @babysin: 1 times
  @promogurl: 1 times
  @sweetleafvan: 1 times
  @jadacheng: 1 times
  @jmunsta: 1 times
  @annietee: 1 times
cxxg mentions:
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
yankeemeginphl mentions:
  @BehindTheMoat: 2 times
  @YankeeMegInPHL: 1 times
  @f4td: 1 times
  @ProctorsArm: 1 times
  @RuhiRantz: 1 times
  @HTBP: 1 times
merlik mentions:
  @garyvee: 1 times
storybird mentions:
  @adobbs: 1 times
  @studiolu: 1 times
  @openlooppress: 1 times
packard_sonic mentions:
  @avmaster: 1 times
  @CrazyMikesapps: 1 times
  @LadyArubiana: 1 times
  @FCruz420: 1 times
  @CEOTransformer: 1 times
  @PackardSonic: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
ddflamingfox mentions:
  @hashmovie: 1 times
hawaiirealty mentions:
  @ponet: 2 times
  @dougjumper: 1 times
  @hawaiirealty: 1 times
  @lgoddard: 1 times
  @reimagin: 1 times
  @SEALStrong: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @CigarFox: 1 times
clarknic mentions:
  @mattbologna: 1 times
  @diananguyen: 1 times
  @erikasays: 1 times
  @megoon: 1 times
  @christiem: 1 times
  @jasonpollock: 1 times
  @clarknic: 1 times
themediaczar mentions:
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @MarkShilensky: 1 times
  @TheMediaCzar: 1 times
leahs_story mentions:
  @bonniegillespie: 1 times
seattlewash mentions:
  @citiesofwa: 1 times
  @moseslake: 1 times
  @wenatcheewash: 1 times
  @lakechelan: 1 times
  @yakimawash: 1 times
  @spokanewash: 1 times
  @tricitieswash: 1 times
smokerette mentions:
  @IntactByDefault: 1 times
mattcraine mentions:
  @TheNanny612: 1 times
blckbettyboop mentions:
  @AnthonyyTony: 1 times
  @BRITTANYBOSCO: 1 times
janflora mentions:
  @jkrfan: 1 times
  @TheHPAlliance: 1 times
angelalayon mentions:
  @dayalyn: 1 times
  @alexisperez: 1 times
  @yta: 1 times
  @francisco1563: 1 times
  @depr001: 1 times
  @vicelyz: 1 times
  @hectorres: 1 times
  @crackberrista: 1 times
thebeehivestore mentions:
  @TheFrenchNeedle: 1 times
marybealladler mentions:
  @theshortreview: 1 times
  @sacrecoeur: 1 times
  @raquelita: 1 times
  @DanielaINorris: 1 times
  @HollyWoodward: 1 times
  @EdinCityofLit: 1 times
  @europeangirl: 1 times
  @warrenadler: 1 times
  @Hare: 1 times
tessalopez mentions:
  @ddbig9: 1 times
  @sophiedee: 1 times
  @afwife08: 1 times
  @shelbilavender: 1 times
  @TessaLopez: 1 times
  @dona09: 1 times
  @BBWGLORYFOXXX: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @ErinAnnMyer: 1 times
  @NickyJay: 1 times
sportschickca mentions:
  @jenniferdecan: 1 times
  @Sportschickca: 1 times
  @shoegalsarah: 1 times
priiacosmetics mentions:
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
brooklynsidv mentions:
  @HipHopCoolAgain: 1 times
  @madbloggers: 1 times
  @TheYamahaHub: 1 times
  @djmobeatz: 1 times
  @KarmaRadio: 1 times
  @: 2 times
  @staHHr: 1 times
  @brooklynsidv: 1 times
artkamp mentions:
  @leijonstedt: 1 times
  @christinielsen: 1 times
  @ArtNews: 1 times
nyyouthsymphony mentions:
  @92Y: 1 times
goldenorckus mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @Flowersophy: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @chastity1111: 1 times
  @Goldenorckus: 1 times
soulsistanindy mentions:
  @TAS5000: 1 times
  @SoulSistaNindy: 1 times
  @LadyProducHer: 1 times
  @illpoetic: 1 times
  @usmcpablo: 1 times
  @stevez33: 1 times
  @bbsr: 1 times
azrealproperty mentions:
  @lahara: 1 times
  @GolfintheField: 1 times
  @iv4rfighter: 1 times
  @azrealproperty: 1 times
  @monteeggers: 1 times
  @nachu69: 1 times
  @WritingIsFun: 1 times
papagolash mentions:
  @alyze: 1 times
inesribeiro mentions:
  @vitorcosta: 1 times
hntproductions mentions:
  @djicetre: 1 times
nathankam mentions:
  @beatofhawaii: 1 times
  @NeilYamamoto: 1 times
  @mrtroi: 1 times
  @typezero3: 1 times
btv_twilight mentions:
  @letter2twilight: 1 times
  @ROBsessedBlog: 1 times
  @whattheforks: 1 times
mikey6283 mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
kyanisunrise mentions:
  @yournutritionFav: 1 times
  @juanitawaterman: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @mikecheliak: 1 times
  @organicant: 1 times
  @boomerbodycoach: 1 times
  @toptentopten: 1 times
rparham mentions:
  @LarrySabato: 1 times
  @GallupPoll: 1 times
  @sportsguy33: 1 times
  @JohnWHenry: 1 times
  @BizballMaury: 1 times
  @Deadspin: 1 times
  @thepolitico: 1 times
  @rollcall: 1 times
  @thesearedays: 1 times
  @MrCFB: 1 times
skyloader mentions:
  @amous: 1 times
  @aaronbyrnes: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
  @skyloader: 1 times
  @robinlow: 1 times
dnajd mentions:
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @IconicImagery: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @InternetArtist: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
mommomonthego mentions:
  @sickkidsparties: 1 times
  @findyourhomebc: 1 times
pat_suquet mentions:
  @edgaparada: 1 times
  @betopedroza: 1 times
dandoosha mentions:
  @RealKidPoker: 1 times
gift_basket mentions:
cubbiefans mentions:
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @cubbiefans: 1 times
jcalil mentions:
  @danielgpinheiro: 1 times
  @MikeLitorys: 1 times
  @bemcapaz: 1 times
  @CyberGeekBR: 1 times
  @LeonardoAssis: 1 times
  @HenriqueSantosM: 1 times
  @luciojunior: 1 times
  @fvanzo: 1 times
  @mvinhal: 1 times
calebhowe mentions:
  @AmSpec: 1 times
  @PhillipAKlein: 1 times
  @RSMcCain: 1 times
  @MKHammer: 1 times
  @JosephLawler: 1 times
  @Vadum: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @collegepolitico: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
xstevenprocess mentions:
  @LifeAsBrian: 1 times
  @willis536: 1 times
  @skatmatt: 1 times
  @petrilude: 1 times
  @richarddd: 1 times
  @jpmetz: 1 times
  @soundlyawake: 1 times
  @steviedidit: 1 times
  @friesian86: 1 times
yahyahenry mentions:
davidoffff mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
richleighton mentions:
  @jpons: 1 times
  @dsmpublishing: 1 times
  @setters99: 1 times
  @HelenaRitchie: 1 times
  @IrmaCamp46: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
snarkdogg mentions:
  @donttickleme: 1 times
  @theRamenNoodle: 1 times
  @JenAvila: 1 times
  @PodCulture: 1 times
  @pidradio: 1 times
  @Podiobooks: 1 times
  @jtindiepodcast: 1 times
  @scottsigler: 1 times
willameda mentions:
  @sargedunn1: 1 times
retroambiance mentions:
  @robsheridan: 1 times
  @iamclintmansell: 1 times
anthonyhansen mentions:
  @LeahsStory: 1 times
  @spikespencer: 1 times
  @chantidm: 1 times
  @roysamuelson: 1 times
  @annavo: 1 times
  @karaedwards: 1 times
  @voiceoverland: 1 times
  @scottbrick: 1 times
  @bobsouer: 1 times
cmcna mentions:
  @Ceemb: 1 times
sweet_cake mentions:
  @BabyGirl512: 1 times
  @Salvatrucha1979: 1 times
alicetchan mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @dogster: 1 times
  @hihut: 1 times
  @GardeningGarden: 1 times
  @DietrichSchmidt: 1 times
  @AliceTChan: 1 times
himbeergelb mentions:
  @CarmenHentschel: 1 times
integralrising mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
clintonbon mentions:
  @amandabatson: 1 times
emerarudo mentions:
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @rmilana: 1 times
  @Sn0wrose: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @duskyazure: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @Emerarudo: 1 times
  @mandiebear: 1 times
sunfellow mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
hoxyfoxy mentions:
  @SkyAquila: 1 times
  @drewleef: 1 times
  @AllisonHarvard2: 1 times
  @lachmal@DimiliciousR: 1 times
  @TilaOfficial: 1 times
  @6EYESBERLIN: 1 times
  @Yogafestival: 1 times
  @TaniaTOclassy: 1 times
rickgershman mentions:
  @MedMunky: 1 times
  @JenniferRose21: 1 times
  @feepup: 1 times
alexswanson09 mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @KatiDavis: 1 times
  @KyleWilliams2: 1 times
  @justcreative: 1 times
  @jwintersinger: 1 times
adambienkov mentions:
  @TPW: 1 times
  @lastyearsman: 1 times
  @AlexJThomas: 1 times
  @HappyDais: 1 times
  @martylondon: 1 times
warhawke mentions:
  @revious: 1 times
lesbiancafe mentions:
  @Bgfilly: 1 times
  @LESBIANATION: 1 times
  @SpazTalkRadio: 1 times
  @curiousluvchild: 1 times
  @pameladetlor: 1 times
  @PookieB: 1 times
jackiekatjones mentions:
  @utbrown: 1 times
  @ViriamKaur: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
  @StartupPro: 1 times
docspallone mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @DrWes: 1 times
  @DocLG: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @DrJeffersnBoggs: 1 times
  @DocSpallon: 1 times
icmovies mentions:
seanfrancois mentions:
  @moreglen: 1 times
  @seanfrancois: 1 times
digbyd mentions:
  @CrisRepoles: 1 times
  @careerstimulus: 1 times
remedybornmuzik mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @surfingpr: 1 times
  @bjolena: 1 times
  @uberdragon: 1 times
  @yungteph: 1 times
  @RemedyBornMuzik: 1 times
  @OhShizzle: 1 times
easy_appetizers mentions:
  @whiningdining: 1 times
collegepolitico mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @collegepolitico: 1 times
  @tommyxtopher: 1 times
  @edmorrissey: 1 times
  @snarkandboobs: 1 times
zkdog mentions:
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @sabbryanrox: 1 times
  @angellr: 1 times
  @Mrlandmark: 1 times
  @ponet: 1 times
e_ashley mentions:
  @xconway: 1 times
  @hrtofthematter: 1 times
  @anzrocks19: 1 times
  @EAshley: 1 times
  @mrzhollywood: 1 times
  @shanisereene: 1 times
  @missbrandii: 1 times
  @Lovestarbucks54: 1 times
  @davejetta: 1 times
antonywho mentions:
  @JSpikEThinG: 1 times
  @jSipkETing: 1 times
thomasraukamp mentions:
  @SwayingSmoke: 1 times
  @jaromematthew: 1 times
  @SimSullen: 1 times
  @kieronjames: 1 times
  @withoutfield: 1 times
  @AbletonInc: 1 times
  @AbletonTweets: 1 times
  @Abletonvids: 1 times
imikepayne mentions:
  @TasteofGee: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 2 times
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
lovetheo mentions:
  @alvago: 1 times
  @elpassassin: 1 times
  @ariblus: 1 times
  @ClaireMandarina: 1 times
  @xritter: 1 times
  @gonzalocostas: 1 times
  @bugplanet: 1 times
  @ezequielprieto: 1 times
jbombardier mentions:
  @ponor: 1 times
  @jbombardier: 1 times
pernsbeatz mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @LauraJames3: 1 times
  @RoyalReality: 1 times
  @PernsBeatz: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @BarbaraFriedman: 1 times
  @drjonesaa: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @team: 1 times
evergreent mentions:
  @Marvel: 1 times
  @Mandypoo: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @izsyxox: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @hitrecordjoe: 1 times
  @ovi8: 1 times
teamarete mentions:
  @JasonBroad: 1 times
  @joegigantino: 1 times
amilya mentions:
  @chicmommagazine: 1 times
  @amilya: 1 times
d_love mentions:
  @CardinalsFO: 1 times
  @r18thletter: 1 times
  @FamousEEEEEEEE: 1 times
  @FredbirdStL: 1 times
artobsession mentions:
  @artobsession: 1 times
ugovalentini mentions:
  @rossella76: 1 times
  @gibilix: 1 times
  @gianandrea: 1 times
  @romephotoblog: 1 times
  @italida: 1 times
  @casapizza: 1 times
  @ulFabius: 1 times
  @StresseDessertS: 1 times
  @filippocioni: 1 times
  @joup: 1 times
cindielu mentions:
  @kMcDiva: 2 times
  @brittdakidd: 1 times
drewg78 mentions:
  @shash: 1 times
futureisclear mentions:
  @SueClearwater: 1 times
  @JacindaTala: 1 times
skc0602 mentions:
  @wude72: 1 times
  @BBlane: 1 times
  @helputech: 1 times
  @dougsandquist: 1 times
  @pauloone: 1 times
  @skc0602: 1 times
  @09ekautie: 1 times
hopheadbrewer mentions:
veinteanera mentions:
  @pedrocarrillo: 1 times
  @aasuero: 1 times
imbutterkup mentions:
  @beanieboy: 1 times
  @IMbutterkup: 1 times
ailin_dg mentions:
  @wthashtag: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @Wossy: 1 times
  @ICHCheezburger: 1 times
janayluv mentions:
  @JanayLuv: 3 times
  @MsVeeVee: 1 times
  @katrinaR6: 1 times
  @ModelReady: 1 times
  @UnckleP: 1 times
  @kingboola: 1 times
  @shattastar: 1 times
  @tommi24: 1 times
  @m: 1 times
johnpmack mentions:
  @AncientSoul: 1 times
empoweredandfit mentions:
  @delwilliams: 1 times
  @Redhotcopy: 1 times
  @SuzanneEvans: 1 times
  @magneticwoman: 1 times
  @andreachin: 1 times
dragosroua mentions:
  @kikolani: 1 times
  @ratracetrap: 1 times
  @mrjWells@robineaston: 1 times
  @lance02: 1 times
aaronkelker mentions:
  @100ftninja: 1 times
tashanzac mentions:
  @CHRISDaughtry: 1 times
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
christianivann mentions:
  @antonywho: 1 times
  @ChristianIvann: 1 times
unfinished78 mentions:
  @midwifewendi: 1 times
stevehaweeli mentions:
  @fadiPick: 1 times
  @cestbeth: 1 times
  @drewbiondo: 1 times
  @jeffcrab: 1 times
sixtimesblue mentions:
  @nazzy: 1 times
  @SixTimesBlue: 1 times
giulianapb mentions:
  @BoulderTheCat: 1 times
  @boulderthecat: 1 times
dustinrowley mentions:
  @aquaknoxtampa: 1 times
donnadeau mentions:
  @skywriter012: 1 times
  @jetblue: 1 times
hbixler03 mentions:
  @Taiwriter: 1 times
denvercatholic mentions:
  @padrejorge: 1 times
everyyou mentions:
heidela mentions:
  @daddybearluver: 1 times
heliumheaven mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
mesaissues mentions:
  @CoOpweb: 1 times
  @LVRehabDeals: 1 times
  @VisitMesa: 1 times
  @GadaboutSalons: 1 times
  @drjonesaa: 1 times
  @AprilMWilliams: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
crazy4nkotb mentions:
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
pmolinero mentions:
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
gregyatman mentions:
  @cyatman: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
  @Aronado: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @MrTchalla: 1 times
  @jshuey: 1 times
  @seriouseats: 1 times
  @ZagatBuzz: 1 times
randomdeanna mentions:
  @airamericamedia: 1 times
  @nerdette: 1 times
  @acarvin: 1 times
  @jack: 1 times
  @jasonbarnett: 1 times
  @whytuesday: 1 times
  @arimelber: 1 times
  @joseiswriting: 1 times
  @ocin: 1 times
minamnanofuture mentions:
  @madeira: 2 times
  @naturemeetings: 1 times
  @imlooking4: 1 times
mcsilvajr mentions:
  @mateus107: 1 times
  @AmandaLins: 1 times
  @letsgobeibe: 1 times
  @dinhalostcase: 1 times
  @anadoring: 1 times
kr4 mentions:
  @InvisibleWork: 1 times
  @bonifer: 1 times
canopygallery mentions:
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @canopygallery: 1 times
mstimab mentions:
  @lovemarybaxter: 1 times
  @imtaliamarie: 1 times
  @imkikimichelle: 1 times
  @thehottiedej: 1 times
brettmccoy mentions:
  @saulcolt: 1 times
  @rlangdon: 1 times
  @ccmaine: 1 times
  @juliaxgulia: 1 times
  @gibsondm: 1 times
gaelichero mentions:
  @Xeraphimmms: 1 times
benwaring mentions:
  @viztoptips: 1 times
roehmholdt mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
lameymacdonald mentions:
  @JanetVanderhoof: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
atlanta978 mentions:
  @LydiaEve10: 1 times
  @atlanta978: 1 times
  @sharonhowell: 1 times
  @jennfoss: 1 times
  @clutch22: 1 times
vidapr mentions:
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
cpltshirt mentions:
  @rodwhiting: 1 times
  @producerdavid: 1 times
  @mrwilliam: 1 times
  @kathyclugston: 1 times
  @declancurry: 1 times
  @ruskin147: 1 times
lisarcox mentions:
  @Infinitegal: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
  @SmilingSpirit: 1 times
  @DonnaJFox: 1 times
  @JJNextGenTV: 1 times
  @iconic88: 1 times
  @Zaibatsu: 1 times
  @sweetflpie: 1 times
  @Anitafiander: 1 times
kellyshipp mentions:
  @MadysonDesigns: 1 times
  @dahara: 1 times
  @richardkellypho: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
glory_gray mentions:
  @juliemc77: 1 times
  @MarketLikeAChik: 1 times
freeriderrock mentions:
  @fpnetwork: 1 times
phildaddy606 mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @MickyD53: 1 times
  @ColonelK0rn: 1 times
  @phildaddy606: 1 times
  @dtdschmidty: 1 times
  @BOOMER1373: 1 times
  @IcAd0N: 1 times
  @LanaitheDJ: 1 times
  @jclark77: 1 times
  @perversecurse: 1 times
babyscratch mentions:
  @Mach3te: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @LatinoSoul: 1 times
  @babyscratch: 1 times
  @Teribeari702: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
  @paranormalspy: 1 times
cherman mentions:
imaudrey mentions:
  @briankeithdiaz: 1 times
  @trohman: 1 times
lilianma mentions:
  @MikeShea: 1 times
  @alleighmarre: 1 times
  @traceyleffler: 1 times
  @tsmithpga: 1 times
  @maxesilver: 1 times
  @marissagreen8: 1 times
andresrestrepo mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
macycan mentions:
anna741 mentions:
  @mandisaofficial: 1 times
  @sheilawalsh: 1 times
  @marygraham: 1 times
cathmichaud mentions:
  @ChefHuynh: 1 times
  @cathmichaud: 1 times
  @AndresRestrepo: 1 times
  @PabloStevenson: 1 times
gregory4sheezy mentions:
  @mysportsrumors: 1 times
  @hailmaryjane: 1 times
  @djestacks: 1 times
  @iketurna: 1 times
  @nerdwithswag: 1 times
bape228 mentions:
  @blacksocialite: 1 times
yakimawash mentions:
  @citiesofwa: 1 times
  @seattlewash: 1 times
  @stanwoodwa: 1 times
  @vancouverwash: 1 times
  @tacomawash: 1 times
  @bellinghamwash: 1 times
  @woodinvillewash: 1 times
rolfexperience mentions:
  @gsocialmedia: 1 times
  @danbel89: 1 times
  @minethatbird: 1 times
  @askasheville: 1 times
  @aquaprosolution: 1 times
  @providencehomes: 1 times
  @avlchamber: 1 times
  @susieblackmon: 1 times
ivyinabox mentions:
  @patylda: 1 times
  @matryoska: 1 times
  @dannysse: 1 times
  @acarolbseixas: 1 times
  @rockamorvegetal: 1 times
chokeychicken mentions:
  @TrevorDickerson: 1 times
  @JovanH: 1 times
  @MaryFramer: 1 times
  @MoxeMediaGirl: 1 times
  @MonikkaB: 1 times
  @CameronParker: 1 times
  @JustShadoe: 1 times
kjetilbacardi mentions:
  @belindajakobsen: 1 times
  @viviansormeland: 1 times
  @viviansessoms: 1 times
  @thomasmoen: 1 times
  @veronicabremnes: 1 times
jahfurry mentions:
  @warrenellis: 1 times
  @JohnPerryBarlow: 1 times
mamapigeon mentions:
  @claudiamm37: 1 times
  @Gardenwiseguy: 1 times
susanesparza mentions:
  @netmeg: 1 times
  @MichelleRobbins: 1 times
  @daver: 1 times
  @blafrance: 1 times
  @sandiegoseo: 1 times
zodster mentions:
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @kathykeefe: 1 times
  @buzzedition: 1 times
  @northernchick: 1 times
  @moriasreadings: 1 times
  @marikurisato: 1 times
  @meryl333: 1 times
zayaz mentions:
  @debrauson: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
ecotulum mentions:
  @artistatlarge: 1 times
  @yucatanliving: 1 times
  @cancuncanuck: 1 times
  @RiverGirlCancun: 1 times
  @EcoTulum: 1 times
  @CostaMaya: 1 times
baby_lexie mentions:
  @madaerodog: 1 times
  @MsGigi152: 1 times
  @JennyHaze: 1 times
  @KING617: 1 times
  @Pixelh8: 1 times
  @BabyLexie: 1 times
visitqualicum mentions:
  @BeachClubResort: 1 times
  @KidFestParksvil: 1 times
  @MountWashington: 1 times
  @HarbourAirLtd: 1 times
  @TIGERLILYFARM: 1 times
  @TheCareerCentre: 1 times
  @Beachacreresort: 1 times
mrsnicetweets mentions:
  @louiebaur: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
playarabbitfan mentions:
  @CORNBREADD: 1 times
  @playarabbit: 1 times
  @KidOldSchool: 1 times
  @MAKEUPMANDA: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @TaylorWakelin: 1 times
  @IMTALIAMARIE: 1 times
witchlinks mentions:
angelgirl1976 mentions:
  @Apollonia316: 1 times
billpetro mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
interviewangel mentions:
  @ElineKullock: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @jobserf: 1 times
  @5wa: 1 times
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @CoachmUpBoni: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @LisaSullivan: 1 times
jungandinsane mentions:
  @ztr: 2 times
sallybelkking mentions:
  @kathysena: 1 times
lorenaheletea mentions:
  @civlee: 1 times
  @deBradyMD: 1 times
  @clickwisdom: 1 times
  @TruthsCompany: 1 times
  @Wordination: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @Chooz2bPositive: 1 times
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
andshespeaks mentions:
  @Kimble09: 1 times
  @ShannonNicoleNP: 1 times
  @DreamofStacie: 1 times
  @CaptSkyWalker: 1 times
  @weeeitsjasmine: 1 times
  @ninaserafina85: 1 times
  @SweetChhavvi: 1 times
terrihenry mentions:
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @kirkfamily: 1 times
  @BLACKBARBiiE88: 1 times
  @Makenzesgranna: 1 times
  @buffalopine: 1 times
lisajane51 mentions:
  @bookmom: 1 times
elizatizer mentions:
  @bjblyth: 1 times
femmefartale mentions:
  @AdamAlexisRyan: 1 times
actiongopusa mentions:
  @nolies4me: 1 times
  @LizatRusticPear: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @beowolf01: 1 times
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
10investigates mentions:
  @fatfightertv: 1 times
synkro mentions:
  @roarmotorcycles: 1 times
  @GearUpProject: 1 times
  @BikersWelcomeUS: 1 times
  @NomadRip: 1 times
  @KBikeRider: 1 times
  @IrishGP: 1 times
  @florinandrei: 1 times
  @CeCe: 1 times
rositacortez mentions:
  @PatriciaKoehler: 1 times
smallislandgal mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 2 times
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @silixell: 1 times
  @HeatherLuszczyk: 1 times
  @Newsage: 1 times
  @smallislandgal: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
mariannesi mentions:
  @NRKradio: 1 times
  @sloytogdroyt: 1 times
  @andreakhagen: 1 times
  @IngvildAnita: 1 times
  @AlexanderOslo: 1 times
  @ninanord: 1 times
  @owofsti: 1 times
  @Swanybany: 1 times
callmethecalf mentions:
  @heavy412hustle: 1 times
  @grandamvroom: 1 times
  @callmethecalf: 1 times
calvinfleming mentions:
  @EraseDoubt: 1 times
jenni_w mentions:
  @fleckingrecords: 1 times
  @FunTimeFrankieG: 1 times
  @tonycasemore: 1 times
  @glenofftheradio: 1 times
  @RealScottHughes: 1 times
badjerry mentions:
charlielevenson mentions:
  @mcrispinmiller: 1 times
  @gregpalast: 1 times
barbiestash mentions:
  @LPGthatDude: 1 times
  @UnckleP: 1 times
  @OhShizzle: 1 times
  @BarbieStash: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @MF213: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
loveli mentions:
  @carole29: 1 times
de_themen mentions:
olympicguy mentions:
  @KimSkildumReid: 1 times
  @Amuseconsulting: 1 times
  @WriterAdrienne: 1 times
  @thefawnz: 1 times
  @pattersonbrands: 1 times
jacqueswarren mentions:
  @nicolerawski: 1 times
  @juneli: 1 times
  @xurxovidal: 1 times
  @mperron: 1 times
  @jdaysy: 1 times
burntees mentions:
  @GeekBouteek: 1 times
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ExodusTees: 1 times
  @seanlynam: 1 times
  @toplessshirts: 1 times
  @joshuaarnao: 1 times
hotstuffjohn mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @twae: 1 times
  @lisacraze: 1 times
  @thepoetweets: 1 times
  @kyraJ: 1 times
  @GottaLaughGirl: 1 times
  @HotStuffJohn: 1 times
emarketingva mentions:
  @timeontaskva: 1 times
sunwayhawaii mentions:
  @suzboop: 1 times
  @greg808: 1 times
  @anuheajams: 1 times
  @davejazz: 1 times
  @sonecessaryhope: 1 times
healthpass mentions:
  @KaizenHawaii: 1 times
  @healthpass: 1 times
alexanderichter mentions:
  @4TWK: 1 times
  @djsammyneedlz: 1 times
  @chadavid: 1 times
  @alexanderichter: 1 times
  @arielborujow: 1 times
  @PRolivia: 1 times
  @TheArcitype: 1 times
katierigby mentions:
  @LGM1: 1 times
  @JCReynolds: 1 times
eyecube mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 10 times
mayhemstudios mentions:
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
heralddeparis mentions:
  @ffaffaires: 1 times
  @lyonenfrance: 1 times
  @frenchlanguage: 1 times
  @lePoint: 1 times
  @expatlive: 1 times
  @frenchconsulate: 1 times
  @parisambiance: 1 times
  @lavoixdessports: 1 times
careerstimulus mentions:
  @crisrepoles: 1 times
  @careerstimulus: 1 times
teapartyradio mentions:
  @MyAmericanism: 1 times
  @Libertas1776: 1 times
  @sirStefanG: 1 times
pyntk mentions:
  @AYellowHouse: 1 times
  @BritBoy: 1 times
  @DeanaMartina: 1 times
  @theblogrollers: 1 times
  @blogtalkradio: 1 times
  @MelanaOnThePath: 1 times
  @editi: 1 times
  @alisonlodge: 1 times
  @PYNTK: 1 times
anthonyshelton mentions:
  @deakaz: 1 times
  @z3bbster: 1 times
  @markowen: 1 times
  @AnthonyShelton: 1 times
  @getsmartweb: 1 times
sandraproulx mentions:
  @WayneNH: 1 times
  @mesimos: 1 times
  @jyarmis: 1 times
  @SandraProulx: 1 times
  @ScottMonty: 1 times
theaterlackey mentions:
  @jimonlight: 1 times
  @travisbedard: 1 times
  @KaiWen: 1 times
  @DaveCharest: 1 times
  @hugoverweij: 1 times
  @agirling: 1 times
  @CarlBMI: 1 times
  @soundman460: 1 times
  @plaidleaf: 1 times
amyshair mentions:
  @triangleb2b: 1 times
  @heathero: 1 times
  @socostudio: 1 times
  @carolinabusines: 1 times
  @olalah: 1 times
  @amyshair: 1 times
  @clickoptimize: 1 times
  @jpjay411: 1 times
  @chathamnc: 1 times
  @chuckhester: 1 times
dgnetrix mentions:
  @davidbates: 1 times
  @dougcastoldi: 1 times
  @NumberGarage: 1 times
  @voipme: 1 times
  @MobiMarketing: 1 times
  @RealSolutions22: 1 times
  @MagicSauceMedia: 1 times
  @BenParr: 1 times
crazycali mentions:
  @o0omunkieo0o: 9 times
babealertceo mentions:
  @AmericanWomann: 1 times
dreadcentral mentions:
  @kw: 1 times
  @KristinaKlebe: 1 times
  @LostZombies: 1 times
  @MFZAR: 1 times
  @MorganElektra: 1 times
  @mikecicons: 1 times
  @Morticia626: 1 times
  @Neptunesalad: 1 times
  @nomadixxx: 1 times
  @Rileah: 1 times
  @RyanRotten: 1 times
demonchild6 mentions:
corenna_52 mentions:
  @livestronggena: 1 times
  @gimmemoores: 1 times
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
bella456 mentions:
  @rsuenaga: 1 times
  @bella456: 1 times
  @WatariGoro: 1 times
  @myopicjoe: 1 times
  @scrivener: 1 times
  @sophielynette: 1 times
  @surfchik4jesus: 1 times
  @5tosucceed: 1 times
  @saimin: 1 times
chrisgruggen mentions:
  @robsheridan: 1 times
  @mutemath: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
chairguy1 mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
simpaticohomes mentions:
  @peasofmind: 1 times
  @simpaticohomes: 1 times
cookanduno mentions:
  @thepaintedman: 1 times
  @beefyness: 1 times
  @brookiellen: 1 times
  @CookandUNO: 1 times
  @lexical: 1 times
  @handmadeinpa: 1 times
  @hodgepodgery: 1 times
  @youngwerewolves: 1 times
nina_serafina85 mentions:
  @AndSheSpeaksRT: 1 times
  @Kimble09: 1 times
  @ShannonNicoleNP: 1 times
  @DreamofStacie: 1 times
  @CaptSkyWalker: 1 times
  @weeeitsjasmine: 1 times
  @SweetChhavvi: 1 times
seres_victoria mentions:
  @heavymetalz: 1 times
shanembauman mentions:
  @kountrintuitiv: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
winfotech mentions:
  @cherman: 1 times
angelakeen mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @Melissa808: 1 times
  @AngelaKeen: 1 times
  @supercw: 1 times
  @lauriecicotello: 1 times
  @BKgirlfrida: 1 times
gopalraju mentions:
  @ManiKarthik: 1 times
janhauser mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @sublumen: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @TheSmokingArgus: 1 times
  @theschnack: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
  @LauraH108: 1 times
  @dezine: 1 times
katherineche mentions:
  @PowerJourneys: 1 times
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
malcolmaaron mentions:
  @plarabbstreet: 1 times
neeneessoapshop mentions:
  @GlassRiverJewel: 1 times
  @NeeNeesSoapShop: 1 times
  @Pam812: 1 times
  @gypsytrading: 1 times
  @lorithisandthat: 1 times
  @auctionwally: 1 times
programwitch mentions:
  @BlogOklahoma: 1 times
cchiera mentions:
  @luckigrrl: 1 times
  @samuka: 1 times
  @cchiera: 1 times
  @jamiller619: 1 times
  @autismcrisis: 1 times
  @pirahnajoe: 1 times
  @FayettevilleNC: 1 times
  @loriglessner: 1 times
  @drbyers: 1 times
  @twollow: 1 times
markbrownwriter mentions:
  @jungbow: 1 times
  @mkeCHAMBER: 1 times
  @markbrownwriter: 1 times
seekerof mentions:
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @19jms: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @DevineBoston: 1 times
  @shreyam: 1 times
  @delwilliams: 1 times
  @ensuredsuccess: 1 times
moneybeagle mentions:
  @MoneyRelation: 1 times
therealarsenix mentions:
  @nenachiquitin: 1 times
  @TheRealArsenix: 1 times
  @JLAisdiva: 1 times
  @Brittanya69: 1 times
brucewayne310 mentions:
  @lilvanilladrop: 1 times
  @grapejellykelly: 1 times
  @tenajonesa4: 1 times
  @candismith: 1 times
  @aviontheone: 1 times
  @nacholelove: 1 times
  @brucewayne310: 1 times
morningshowmike mentions:
  @buchanan23: 2 times
  @PastorT: 1 times
  @crowderband: 1 times
  @morningshowmike: 1 times
  @cmarkley: 1 times
  @pokinatcha: 1 times
  @pastorJoe: 1 times
  @danohlerking: 1 times
folkspod mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bighustlamike mentions:
  @MDHOLLA: 1 times
  @YungStreetz: 1 times
  @DjTrivial216: 1 times
  @TopRahmin: 1 times
  @mparent77772: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @AnimeboyRicky: 1 times
  @playarabbit: 1 times
comanchris mentions:
  @truskowski: 1 times
elydelaney mentions:
  @attagirl: 1 times
lindaghenry mentions:
  @ChrisSpagnuolo: 1 times
bigapplestyle mentions:
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
  @RavenSu: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @bigapplestyle: 1 times
  @ARISE: 1 times
  @ICEtheDJ: 1 times
  @randart: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @Sparkal: 1 times
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @djeloy: 1 times
daddymack33 mentions:
  @ProgGrrl: 1 times
  @LeahsStory: 1 times
  @TonyaWatts: 1 times
  @ShirlyBrener: 1 times
  @RHStavis: 1 times
vboykis mentions:
  @broccoman: 1 times
flashcanon mentions:
  @jonbcampos: 1 times
  @clong: 1 times
  @joshdura: 1 times
  @ddura: 1 times
  @airios: 1 times
  @seantheflexguy: 1 times
  @mbugbee: 1 times
  @Seantron: 1 times
  @HanCholo: 1 times
  @killerspaz: 1 times
  @ajwood: 1 times
  @mesh: 1 times
  @jdowdell: 1 times
sarahtanner mentions:
  @andreadesherb: 1 times
lauriehawley mentions:
  @CathDuncan: 1 times
  @quietshaman@BarbaraHauck: 1 times
nwawv mentions:
jesslv74 mentions:
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
ernursejoy mentions:
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @ChristianNurse@nursemichelle80@tbux530@FunnyNurse@iPhonejunkiePNP@allnurses@jzprn@AmJNurs: 1 times
quenerapu mentions:
  @magarcia: 1 times
  @90000006: 1 times
  @sofiahogan: 1 times
  @estevo: 1 times
  @hectorarturo: 1 times
  @xbelanch: 1 times
mellypea mentions:
  @skrapbuker: 1 times
debbieorwat mentions:
  @sapphireangie: 1 times
airrad mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
wannahaiku mentions:
  @feeg0666: 1 times
  @nathanbyrne: 1 times
  @wannahaiku: 1 times
  @retromags: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @sing1412: 1 times
  @claudiar21: 1 times
  @noewait: 1 times
  @strangedeadfish: 1 times
themisfitishere mentions:
  @ThEmIsFiTiShErE: 1 times
m38967 mentions:
tipjunkie mentions:
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @jennyholiday: 1 times
  @ittybittybirdy: 1 times
  @creaturecomfort: 1 times
  @decor8: 1 times
  @indiefixxx: 1 times
  @modishblog: 1 times
  @etsy: 1 times
  @daniellexo: 1 times
  @craftcult: 1 times
david_bdml mentions:
  @post12buzzcom: 1 times
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
  @lanfusion: 1 times
  @Epicspecialties: 1 times
dobrien917 mentions:
  @jasonhbuckfollowfriday: 1 times
  @texaseducation: 1 times
  @matthewlspears: 1 times
  @patcuomo: 1 times
  @TeachaKidd: 1 times
  @dobrien917: 1 times
  @coletteamber: 1 times
thaisroche mentions:
  @TaraBusch: 1 times
ihatecrayons mentions:
  @nerdiphied: 1 times
souljateam mentions:
  @ceomiamimike: 1 times
bmichelle mentions:
  @CreditWatchdog: 1 times
  @bmichelle: 1 times
bigheff mentions:
  @iPrettyB: 2 times
  @Yukonvict: 1 times
  @marieerobinson: 1 times
  @BigHeff: 1 times
  @twitgear: 1 times
  @izsyxox: 1 times
  @Officialbjpenn: 1 times
summerbaby0727 mentions:
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @phylicia2214: 1 times
  @summerbaby0727: 1 times
  @nicholefingers: 1 times
  @PeckOnDeck: 1 times
  @ThaRealBre: 1 times
  @TayJones: 1 times
diegopsy mentions:
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
nobadcreative mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
parkwestgal mentions:
  @lameymacdonald: 1 times
  @ParkWestGal: 1 times
lucielks mentions:
  @chrishasboobs: 1 times
  @esmeeworld: 1 times
  @andrewdearling: 1 times
  @megzyboo: 1 times
  @pixiesongs: 1 times
fitmomwithtwins mentions:
  @CiaoBella50followfriday: 1 times
  @mphillibert: 1 times
  @CocktailChic: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @onceatweeter: 1 times
  @fitmomwithtwins: 1 times
  @JayLink: 1 times
  @HopHopkins: 1 times
plousinha mentions:
  @Grilinha: 1 times
sunnyhunt mentions:
  @elisabethos: 1 times
saxie5 mentions:
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @texaseducation: 1 times
netw3rk mentions:
  @ballineurope: 1 times
louise_jeffrey mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
  @andyheadworth: 1 times
  @mattuk: 1 times
amyedwards19 mentions:
  @meredithfenwick: 1 times
bell_bajao mentions:
  @penelopeinparis: 1 times
  @SAlbrecht: 1 times
walkfish mentions:
  @alotuspoetry: 1 times
  @comradeharps: 1 times
aislinnye24 mentions:
  @draz211: 1 times
paul_doherty mentions:
  @CHENZO: 2 times
christydekoning mentions:
  @lloydaustins: 1 times
ilytonks mentions:
  @albertx: 1 times
  @edgarparada: 1 times
  @juandediosleon: 1 times
  @yacaFx: 1 times
  @Tmeister: 1 times
  @karlamonica: 1 times
agarzaq mentions:
  @Sheamus: 1 times
missyisnikkilee mentions:
  @gymicrae: 1 times
  @FrightDivas: 1 times
  @jamiewatson: 1 times
  @JordanMewes: 1 times
  @sethsimonds: 1 times
  @paulfeig: 1 times
  @sween: 1 times
  @YhummMagazine: 1 times
zuburbia mentions:
  @atomickatz: 1 times
beefolks mentions:
  @AFairCoop: 1 times
briecs mentions:
  @sockington: 1 times
  @cakewrecks: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @karmicyogurt: 1 times
  @maygunjoys: 1 times
urilyne mentions:
  @HCFHawaii: 1 times
rodgersrave mentions:
  @AquaProSolution: 1 times
  @gsocialmedia: 1 times
  @cwampler: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @askasheville: 1 times
  @alexxanicole: 1 times
  @roxanepeyser: 1 times
  @sdsuicats: 1 times
superbad24 mentions:
  @brewstermax: 1 times
  @manicnimrod: 1 times
  @hakk79: 1 times
  @bmatt95: 1 times
  @razorianfly: 1 times
  @dannyswrld: 1 times
  @dixonormous: 1 times
  @superbad24: 1 times
  @tanelaing: 1 times
  @domness: 1 times
jasan23 mentions:
  @mmhastings: 1 times
  @cathio: 1 times
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
  @mwhi: 1 times
  @cmglothlin: 1 times
  @CargoPete: 1 times
love_slovenia mentions:
jessicad mentions:
  @smartasshat: 1 times
edwardacullen_ mentions:
  @RemeesJake: 1 times
  @AlphaSam: 1 times
  @WerewolfEmbry: 1 times
  @Werewolfleah: 1 times
headingoutwest mentions:
  @captainjack63: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @jetsetcitizen: 1 times
  @EliteTravelGal: 1 times
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
  @CGTravels: 1 times
  @brianepeters: 1 times
  @WantToGoTravel: 1 times
  @tferriss: 1 times
purentonline mentions:
  @EmbassySuites: 1 times
  @RooseveltNYC: 1 times
  @GPHotel: 1 times
  @StPaulHotel: 1 times
  @fffabulous: 1 times
  @travelstory: 1 times
  @harpersbazaarus: 1 times
  @redbutler: 1 times
  @santorinivilla: 1 times
5a5stk mentions:
  @goplanit: 1 times
  @ta: 1 times
  @stellibelli: 1 times
gutaobr mentions:
  @diegoPSY: 1 times
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
realityracer mentions:
saleslounge mentions:
  @VetNetUSA: 1 times
  @smugmugsftp: 1 times
  @saleslounge: 1 times
  @LadyAuto: 1 times
  @DarylHill: 1 times
  @SoldiersAngels: 1 times
  @Aheram: 1 times
arasphere mentions:
  @GabbyDark: 1 times
  @Punkprinces01: 1 times
ecochic mentions:
  @princessbouzie: 1 times
  @thenorthface: 1 times
  @therightblue: 1 times
  @ecobject: 1 times
alexia561 mentions:
  @BNBuzz: 1 times
  @BNBookClubs: 1 times
  @BNTweetDeals: 1 times
  @BNStudio: 1 times
  @eBooksBN: 1 times
producergirl mentions:
  @ChefKathy: 1 times
  @Bekah72: 1 times
  @rikkikm: 1 times
  @christyphoto: 1 times
  @agingbackwards: 1 times
  @ccassara: 1 times
  @LizzHarmon: 1 times
  @betheglitter: 1 times
  @BrightEyesTampa: 1 times
  @mmwine: 1 times
proeditrecruits mentions:
  @stctesig: 1 times
lahornbogen mentions:
  @Stefnet: 1 times
  @expertiseontap: 1 times
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @designerscoach: 1 times
  @timgardendesign: 1 times
  @YourWillMatters: 1 times
  @mightycolin: 1 times
djzion mentions:
  @64Colors: 1 times
  @TroyStith: 1 times
  @stickypop: 1 times
  @DollyOblong: 1 times
  @djzion: 1 times
  @alwaysSEEN: 1 times
elizabethpetro mentions:
  @KouklaKim: 1 times
  @ElizabethPetro: 1 times
  @sophiaw: 1 times
  @GreekShiksa: 1 times
  @nikoman44: 1 times
  @shararee: 1 times
mariah808 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
niecylunn mentions:
  @niecylunn: 1 times
  @DiversEvents: 1 times
  @GrantsPratt: 1 times
  @baltcommfdn: 1 times
  @kleena: 1 times
  @sharondag: 1 times
susanpreston mentions:
  @EmpowerYou: 1 times
einmaleins mentions:
  @everydayolympia: 1 times
usfp mentions:
  @msegers: 1 times
paper_salesman mentions:
  @kittenspawn: 1 times
  @invisiblepigeon: 1 times
  @Bennet5YG: 1 times
  @kittenspawn@mrpetrelli: 1 times
  @mrmuggles: 1 times
  @MrSylar: 1 times
  @DoctorSuresh: 1 times
  @ImmortalFlower: 1 times
asdavis10 mentions:
tholdersr mentions:
  @QuinntheTiger: 1 times
urlesque mentions:
  @talsiach: 1 times
  @webist: 1 times
  @currentcomedy: 1 times
  @buzzfeed: 1 times
  @stupidvideos: 1 times
  @EWPopwatch: 1 times
  @animalplanet: 1 times
  @switched: 1 times
santrisenicole mentions:
  @HarlemLanes: 1 times
  @Audrey222: 1 times
  @GangStarrGirl: 1 times
  @MemorableEvents: 1 times
  @ShaynaD: 1 times
  @SantriseNicole: 1 times
vittolag mentions:
  @cafeenelbalcon: 1 times
  @CaLypsSo@myhaus@davidlh: 1 times
bbcoachkris mentions:
  @KFulford: 1 times
  @HealthWiseGuru: 1 times
  @UnderTheBar: 1 times
  @FitHealthyHappy: 1 times
  @CoachDelinks: 1 times
  @CarlDaikeler: 1 times
  @Bodybuildingcom: 1 times
  @WheyCheap: 1 times
indyval mentions:
  @lisatayl: 1 times
mickyates mentions:
  @feblub: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
hankrearden73 mentions:
  @elilake: 1 times
  @velvethammer: 1 times
  @RightGirl: 1 times
  @KellenGuida: 1 times
  @hiphopgrandpa: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
  @secupp: 1 times
  @kenjbarnes1: 1 times
itscmaddox mentions:
  @KingRalphy: 1 times
  @LoganxHardcore: 1 times
  @EricHalliwell: 1 times
  @SkyeTownsend: 1 times
  @CharlesWinters: 1 times
  @SuicideBlondEx: 1 times
  @ScottyHollywood: 1 times
  @KeoNozari: 1 times
monicks mentions:
  @dorkynerd: 1 times
  @snoopyrufus: 1 times
  @bcmurty: 1 times
  @pkropf: 1 times
  @NYsMissingStar: 1 times
  @LeahChantelle: 1 times
  @Joeballtshirts: 1 times
  @ERK: 1 times
  @mamapigeon: 1 times
  @Raycast: 1 times
seattleslim mentions:
jintman mentions:
  @KFUCKINGP: 1 times
  @Retire31: 1 times
  @BizballMaury: 1 times
  @jhamrahi: 1 times
  @bigjonwilliams: 1 times
  @jessespector: 1 times
  @injuryexpert: 1 times
  @fantasy411@jasoncollette: 1 times
vaagen mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @BlazingLily: 1 times
  @momranscreaming: 1 times
  @athomemom: 1 times
  @Momalom: 1 times
  @MomalomJen: 1 times
crinklequirk mentions:
  @Archer77: 1 times
jsmibert mentions:
  @momillo: 1 times
  @fueles: 1 times
rderogerinho mentions:
  @TWIITTECOSiga: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
  @fmkohn: 1 times
  @gutuh: 1 times
  @tatisanchest: 1 times
  @rderogerinho: 1 times
gofitcoach mentions:
  @GootP90X: 1 times
  @healthierme: 1 times
  @ChickenHawk07: 1 times
  @BuffCoach: 1 times
  @CritP90X: 1 times
  @MichaelaAnez: 1 times
  @Toolguy: 1 times
  @ironbellgym: 1 times
joehussey mentions:
  @TIME: 1 times
tembloresve mentions:
  @Memoartek: 1 times
  @Kareta: 1 times
  @modulor: 1 times
  @jbo: 1 times
  @alexisperez: 1 times
  @crackberrista: 1 times
  @variedadplus: 1 times
  @Jogreg: 1 times
  @Lesmy: 1 times
  @jeanfreddy: 1 times
  @holandita: 1 times
pameppinette mentions:
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
prof_pasquale mentions:
  @Graicevreis: 1 times
  @ProfPasquale: 1 times
aceweekly mentions:
  @KentuckyAle: 1 times
  @ale8one: 1 times
  @BuffaloTrace: 1 times
  @LoversLeapWine: 1 times
jazboon mentions:
  @ajurrego: 1 times
  @AndyStanley: 1 times
  @CarswellBros: 1 times
  @athentikos: 1 times
  @ChilidogCowboy: 1 times
  @chasen0621: 1 times
  @matthewpbarnett: 1 times
  @popestvictor: 1 times
  @petertatrai: 1 times
michmarts mentions:
  @rampent: 1 times
  @KevinMinott: 1 times
  @michmarts: 1 times
  @lifecruise: 1 times
  @hashyahoo: 1 times
  @lesleyphillips: 1 times
  @MichaelWaisJr: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @dreamindemon: 1 times
ucinema mentions:
  @lurkey: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @unslugged: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @WakoozRSSfeeds: 1 times
  @wayne1001: 1 times
  @westcoastman: 1 times
  @woody1313: 1 times
  @Wudruff: 1 times
  @Yossarian66: 1 times
monsieurmeuble mentions:
  @Pipomantis: 1 times
  @Fiaxhs: 1 times
  @sebsokk: 1 times
  @Jaylinx: 1 times
  @pommedepin: 1 times
  @dissogirl: 1 times
junie12e mentions:
  @Alohakatie: 1 times
alltimesierra mentions:
  @jonaskevin: 1 times
kidsareheroes mentions:
  @jeangranger: 1 times
  @museii: 1 times
  @tifflacey: 1 times
  @amandagbeals: 1 times
  @daytonchildrens: 1 times
  @rebeccahappy: 1 times
leadsinger mentions:
  @kitchenbathguys: 1 times
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @marketingprofs: 1 times
  @flatironsHFH: 1 times
  @idealistNews: 1 times
  @casuecast: 1 times
  @honestTea: 1 times
dokhtarx mentions:
  @THEKOOK: 1 times
  @DOKHTARx: 1 times
  @DirtNasty: 1 times
  @ladanroxy: 1 times
  @CV31: 1 times
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
itspartityme mentions:
  @DreamWorthy: 1 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @JasonPollockvery: 1 times
yleesharvester mentions:
  @lauriehardy: 1 times
matola mentions:
  @formschub: 1 times
  @FinnVonDue: 1 times
  @twittfisch: 1 times
  @Euphoriefetzen: 1 times
  @hermsfarm: 1 times
  @bartmeise: 1 times
  @quengelexemplar: 1 times
ja_la mentions:
  @DeathBlossom: 1 times
fafarazzi mentions:
  @BonTempsGossip: 1 times
suecartwright mentions:
  @Wiretapper: 1 times
  @AnyAmount: 1 times
  @Rogboy: 1 times
  @LovePeaceHappi: 1 times
  @LBaehrUSA: 1 times
  @ABluenscottish: 1 times
  @LifeCoachKim: 1 times
  @mphillibert: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
makenna_goodman mentions:
  @chelseagreen: 1 times
  @greentweet: 1 times
busybmtown mentions:
  @djwallysparks: 1 times
  @djyoungbreezye: 1 times
  @HollywoodOompa: 1 times
  @djhouston: 1 times
nunezpr mentions:
  @rcslayton: 1 times
  @lifesettlementJ: 1 times
  @kwfitzner: 1 times
joemhhi mentions:
  @donovantalk: 1 times
  @1MysteryGirl: 1 times
  @tippy2bunz: 1 times
  @marinemajor: 1 times
  @im2byteme: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @theloon: 1 times
  @JimmyMcIver: 1 times
nancymk mentions:
  @nyakototo: 1 times
  @aliasgirl18: 1 times
  @batchoutlost: 1 times
  @scottwelch: 1 times
  @saschascarpulla: 1 times
  @roobadoo87: 1 times
  @mollyfaraday: 1 times
  @vivalasara: 1 times
ashletts mentions:
  @mikedefault: 1 times
  @apparentlyso: 1 times
  @LesleyChang: 1 times
  @dorylanenter: 1 times
jamiesaberi mentions:
  @jonaskevin: 1 times
lemontreecards mentions:
bunnytn mentions:
  @chesshirecat: 1 times
  @mikewerner: 1 times
  @harleymac1: 1 times
  @kerryes: 1 times
  @timtech: 1 times
  @fenriq: 1 times
  @cherylwhitworth: 1 times
  @shewhoknowstruk: 1 times
jordancyee mentions:
  @justjimmyjimmy: 1 times
  @cookieemonstarr: 1 times
  @sondurrahh09: 1 times
  @Bakerphotoguy: 1 times
  @Imanster: 1 times
  @Mandartsy: 1 times
  @habitmag: 1 times
  @AgentR@Dragatomi: 1 times
erich_d_moor mentions:
  @CreativeVortex: 1 times
  @HowMag: 1 times
  @Basebot: 1 times
  @NeenahPaper: 1 times
djsizahanz mentions:
  @djwallysparks: 1 times
  @djyoungbreezye: 1 times
  @HollywoodOompa: 1 times
  @djhouston: 1 times
jzhang99 mentions:
  @lorijosmith: 1 times
vendio mentions:
  @katskloset: 1 times
  @VendioCrystal: 1 times
  @inkfrog: 1 times
  @AuctivaCommerce: 1 times
  @Auctiva: 1 times
  @vendio: 1 times
  @SSBUpdates: 1 times
solideacapital mentions:
  @randallkane: 1 times
  @firstjuice: 2 times
stustustudiohot mentions:
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @FlaFreakshow: 1 times
  @ThereisawayJose: 1 times
  @StuStuStudioHot: 1 times
  @Diabolik72: 1 times
  @nsane8: 1 times
  @swichi293: 1 times
heiferportland mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @ThinkCure: 1 times
  @LIVESSTRONGCEO: 1 times
  @GlobalNetwork: 1 times
  @Heifer: 1 times
  @BFAS: 1 times
  @SU2C: 1 times
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
  @unicefusa: 1 times
juanitaberguson mentions:
  @fridayluvfollowfriday: 1 times
  @JuanitaBerguson: 1 times
  @StacyHarp: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
thehorsesmouth mentions:
  @conkinho: 1 times
  @pippip1: 1 times
  @whizzlepip: 1 times
  @thehorsesmouth: 1 times
  @amancalledadam: 1 times
  @wowshaggy: 1 times
iprettyb mentions:
  @Yukonvict: 1 times
  @marieerobinson: 1 times
  @iPrettyB: 1 times
  @BigHeff: 1 times
  @Boko22: 1 times
  @Stacina: 1 times
  @DrewTek: 1 times
  @izsyxox: 1 times
  @TwitGear: 1 times
  @WeekinRewind: 1 times
  @CavsWITNESS: 1 times
aroadretraveled mentions:
  @MadonnaDP: 1 times
lanesa mentions:
  @grafikdetail: 1 times
  @kentbye: 1 times
  @ogydog: 1 times
  @OfficeHax: 1 times
  @mybuzz: 1 times
  @kolinparser: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @gkrew: 1 times
  @roprice: 1 times
  @paviles: 1 times
  @hashdrupal: 1 times
  @TimTimberlake: 1 times
thatjustfigures mentions:
  @wyomingtourism: 1 times
  @imninnkeeper: 1 times
darthweef mentions:
  @MrSan: 1 times
  @bigepaz: 1 times
  @nethead: 1 times
  @johnholzer: 1 times
  @newbrewthursday: 1 times
  @honeydo: 1 times
  @topsurf: 1 times
  @minxsy: 1 times
donnakozik mentions:
  @TJBuford: 1 times
justsweets mentions:
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @HollywoodTrey: 1 times
  @YaGirlDWoods: 1 times
  @ladyw87: 1 times
  @justmelody: 1 times
  @justsweets: 1 times
  @CoolassKevin: 1 times
wedwithease mentions:
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @NancyMarmolejo: 1 times
  @RedHotCopy: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
  @emailcopywriter: 1 times
  @kez1000: 1 times
alice027 mentions:
  @: 1 times
storylet mentions:
  @Annielicious: 1 times
clearnetworking mentions:
melissallb mentions:
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @condor888: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @edpadgett: 1 times
  @junojet: 1 times
outnumberedisme mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @dadgonemad: 1 times
  @redneckmommy: 1 times
helencairns mentions:
jburslem mentions:
  @PhxREguy: 1 times
  @turoczy: 1 times
  @1000wattmarc: 1 times
  @robhahn: 1 times
  @ericbryn: 1 times
choosingchange mentions:
  @Hazewalker: 1 times
  @KristieKreation: 1 times
  @ShawnieQR: 1 times
  @AmyStark: 1 times
  @WildIvyGirl: 1 times
gothenticity mentions:
  @ClearNetworking: 1 times
marronmarvel mentions:
  @darksakura: 1 times
  @kidmanproject: 1 times
  @jcbaggee: 1 times
  @geekgirldiva: 1 times
  @olr: 1 times
  @primetimegeek: 1 times
jill_james mentions:
  @ChironOKeefe: 1 times
dougjumper mentions:
xiiislaughters mentions:
  @jima6636: 1 times
  @lexa6636: 1 times
  @15negra: 1 times
  @MrFuckThaFeds: 1 times
  @crackberryfreak: 1 times
  @DemiseDoLL: 1 times
  @prichmond14: 1 times
  @iEdster: 1 times
  @bigdogmike: 1 times
sherrierose mentions:
  @BobLallyFOLLOWFRIDAY: 1 times
  @Twincitygirl: 1 times
  @IronworkersNo68: 1 times
  @EventProsTweets: 1 times
jodymal mentions:
  @Luvschweetheart: 1 times
  @jodymal: 1 times
dj_houston mentions:
  @DJSizaHanz: 1 times
  @djwallysparks: 1 times
  @djyoungbreezye: 1 times
  @HollywoodOompa: 1 times
gpierson mentions:
  @kittysingsuwan: 1 times
cherrybun mentions:
  @oliver89: 1 times
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
  @angiebabes999: 1 times
  @captainjack: 1 times
  @smartiej: 1 times
  @nuttychris: 1 times
  @oakleydoakley: 1 times
awynningevent mentions:
  @coachbilal: 1 times
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @carolatyourserv: 1 times
  @customgiftbag: 1 times
justinbryant08 mentions:
  @colinaclark: 1 times
  @AirPigz: 1 times
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
  @douglaskarr: 1 times
  @kevinhood@derekmcclain: 1 times
  @chadrichards: 1 times
  @dougrotman: 1 times
  @ericmarasco: 1 times
  @scottleamon: 1 times
tommitcham mentions:
  @MikeBoss: 1 times
  @scottnicholson: 1 times
kpie mentions:
  @chelseykae: 1 times
  @stayxgold: 1 times
  @chicbangs: 1 times
  @thewilderness: 1 times
  @rudifer: 1 times
  @dreudamn: 1 times
  @justintrotta: 1 times
  @justinwphoto: 1 times
  @blinkerpink79: 1 times
  @kylerDWA: 1 times
kaybee6824 mentions:
  @kevinjacksonsr: 1 times
thyme2dream mentions:
  @wishpot: 1 times
  @onewed: 1 times
  @weddingwindow: 1 times
  @Weddzilla: 1 times
  @WeddingSavings: 1 times
  @bridaltweet: 1 times
  @WeddingRadio: 1 times
  @BrideTide: 1 times
7x7_glamwatch mentions:
  @decorati: 1 times
  @HouseBeautiful: 1 times
  @MetHome: 1 times
  @thepeakofchic: 1 times
  @instyledecor: 1 times
  @jmdc88: 1 times
  @charise: 1 times
  @7x7Glamwatch: 1 times
  @MouseBeautiful: 1 times
livdb mentions:
  @lenammi: 1 times
  @LIVdb: 1 times
  @DaveLembke: 1 times
  @thekarin: 1 times
  @delamothe: 1 times
  @phryl: 1 times
  @EllaGruber: 1 times
  @MolsonGraeme: 1 times
  @geekigirl: 1 times
  @OggiePR: 1 times
  @briantod: 1 times
juanbarnard mentions:
  @britneyspears: 1 times
paulstachel mentions:
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @paulstachel: 1 times
ohsosexy730 mentions:
  @DAREvolutionary: 1 times
  @santasdevil: 1 times
  @OhSoSexy730: 1 times
  @Edwardnet: 1 times
  @shawndibble: 1 times
  @MILFaliciousOne: 1 times
  @3p: 1 times
mastermystifier mentions:
  @gbfiremelon: 1 times
therecruiterguy mentions:
  @TalentSynch: 1 times
  @michaelmarlatt: 1 times
  @lruettimann: 1 times
  @sachac: 1 times
  @jokahn: 1 times
  @shally: 1 times
  @williamu: 1 times
  @seerysm: 1 times
juliaerickson mentions:
  @PamelaGrow: 1 times
mironovich mentions:
  @cstetler: 1 times
  @sillymom: 1 times
  @jerseygemini: 1 times
  @shoreflicks: 1 times
  @juliachicken: 1 times
  @eensiesmama: 1 times
  @jerseygrl: 1 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
nericha mentions:
  @NERICHA: 1 times
notoastmaker mentions:
  @kimberry182: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
  @maryrussell: 1 times
  @gregstier: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
moanasaves mentions:
  @SatsugaiCat: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
  @NajaraLB: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @meghanlamb: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
  @robinlow: 1 times
  @brigettethen: 1 times
josephrileyland mentions:
  @katg43: 1 times
  @TastingTableNYC: 1 times
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
  @TweetHampton: 1 times
  @josephrileyland: 1 times
  @: 1 times
marqueemarc mentions:
  @FabioZ: 1 times
ph1lm mentions:
  @SandyGuerriere: 1 times
  @JuliaRosien: 1 times
xeniabjs mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
gimpgirl mentions:
  @webaxe: 1 times
  @cripchick: 1 times
  @gimpgirl: 1 times
  @ChilmarkD: 1 times
leannebarbery mentions:
  @WelshDrew: 1 times
  @ChrisandCal: 1 times
  @LittleLiverbird: 1 times
milwaukeeseo mentions:
  @Szetela: 1 times
chikquintans mentions:
  @HarborOrg: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @mikestelzner: 1 times
  @copyblogger: 1 times
goatherdered mentions:
  @AmirVogel: 1 times
  @GoatHerderEd: 1 times
solariumtheband mentions:
  @DJDickman: 1 times
  @FameFifteen: 1 times
  @Hooker1033: 1 times
  @MusicMonday: 1 times
  @RecordExchange: 1 times
rosiespot mentions:
  @GeekGirlCamp: 1 times
marriageprep101 mentions:
  @pobutler: 1 times
  @MarriagePrep101: 1 times
  @lissarankin: 1 times
megansee mentions:
ltbeyer mentions:
  @lizzyval: 1 times
  @stephaniewie: 1 times
  @waggleroomgolf: 1 times
  @starpulp: 1 times
  @VisitFlagstaff: 1 times
  @davidparmet: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @GQMike: 1 times
  @smcjax: 1 times
ethel_baraona mentions:
  @endlessCities: 1 times
  @rafaelmarxuach: 1 times
  @ponor: 1 times
  @arkinet: 1 times
  @ataribeats: 1 times
creepydude mentions:
etsyorganic mentions:
  @TheEcoist: 1 times
  @MyGreenSide: 1 times
  @theorganichome: 1 times
  @EtsyOrganic: 1 times
  @amytropolis: 1 times
  @ecobject: 1 times
  @ecofashionista: 1 times
  @ecosalon: 1 times
karyva mentions:
  @ReneSilva: 1 times
vanryan mentions:
  @PresLincoln: 1 times
ipost2host mentions:
  @BURSTNET: 1 times
  @HintPoint: 1 times
arnolddc71 mentions:
  @2T2TProductions: 1 times
cathedralridge mentions:
  @hoodriverco: 1 times
  @hoodrivernews: 1 times
  @mediafortemktg: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @gorgewine: 1 times
  @nakedwinery: 1 times
  @rperro: 1 times
fria mentions:
  @seangunn: 1 times
  @jamesgunn: 1 times
  @macstarr: 1 times
  @AshleyCameron: 1 times
  @joshgad: 1 times
michaeldunham mentions:
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
followtweeple mentions:
friday_ mentions:
zenshine mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
stacyjmt mentions:
  @motownmutt: 1 times
  @RichardDParker: 1 times
  @Akelaa: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @stacyharp: 1 times
  @jasonmitchener: 1 times
bekahsews mentions:
  @iHoard: 1 times
  @Svara: 1 times
  @smashergrl: 1 times
ltrunell mentions:
  @entrepreneurHI: 1 times
  @contentcottage: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
100gran mentions:
  @homegrowne: 1 times
  @TAFBreatheEasy: 1 times
majiesto mentions:
  @peteroberth: 1 times
  @majiesto: 1 times
phillydiggla mentions:
  @FozzieBear: 1 times
  @MonkeysBrother: 1 times
nathanadney mentions:
anita_blake mentions:
  @Jadascrazy: 1 times
  @Yupshesawildcat: 1 times
gracesmith mentions:
  @@jamesbrittonjr: 1 times
  @gracesmith: 1 times
sddesign mentions:
  @EvertB: 1 times
  @RoryWallace: 1 times
  @hometimeshow: 1 times
wolfeblog mentions:
  @DIYFarmImplem: 1 times
  @BackwoodsJoe: 1 times
  @PreparedPlanet: 1 times
  @12gaBrowningGal: 1 times
  @GetWeapons: 1 times
ohioenviro mentions:
  @EtsyOrganic: 2 times
  @michelelucas: 1 times
  @gardening4u: 1 times
  @HelpSaveBees: 1 times
  @PlanetGreen: 1 times
  @ThinkRawFood: 1 times
  @agreenliving: 1 times
anthonymyers mentions:
  @helenfong: 1 times
jennyferry mentions:
  @MuttButt: 1 times
  @erinszoo: 1 times
  @jennyferry: 1 times
  @joannan: 1 times
  @paultumarkin: 1 times
  @muttbutt: 1 times
nanna95 mentions:
  @mattclaymore: 1 times
crazy_4you mentions:
  @NKOTB: 1 times
  @JoeyMcIntyre: 1 times
  @JordanKnight: 1 times
  @DonnieWahlberg: 1 times
  @JonathanRKnight: 1 times
  @DannyWood: 1 times
  @YoungQ: 1 times
  @THEWOCKEEZ: 1 times
bimbler mentions:
  @WahooPooh: 1 times
intrateam mentions:
  @tobyward: 1 times
  @rachellai83: 1 times
  @roojwright: 1 times
  @iyadb: 1 times
  @johnFMoore: 1 times
  @s2djamesr: 1 times
  @shel: 1 times
  @rickysander: 1 times
groupondc mentions:
  @EatDC: 1 times
photodivalv mentions:
  @bgolbourne: 1 times
  @24k: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
  @MyVegasScene: 1 times
  @Hardnox: 1 times
lostbull mentions:
  @hypnotistchris: 1 times
  @tamisara: 1 times
  @zonaljoe: 1 times
  @KimBlairwitch: 1 times
caninehoperesq mentions:
  @EquineRescuer: 1 times
icount4myearth mentions:
  @TheEcofoodie: 1 times
  @HuffPostGreen: 1 times
  @AneRushPRnews: 1 times
  @: 1 times
shinas mentions:
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
ellaxceleste mentions:
  @ellaxceleste: 1 times
shogungamer mentions:
  @SLACKCiRCUS: 1 times
  @TOROcast: 1 times
  @LBPlanet: 1 times
fulltilt727 mentions:
  @jennifersterger: 1 times
mycreativeteam mentions:
  @bobonbusiness: 1 times
  @johnlyle: 1 times
  @scLoHo: 1 times
karissaeb mentions:
  @CarlDaikeler: 1 times
  @GovMikeHuckabee: 1 times
  @TonyHorton: 1 times
tattooinkguard3 mentions:
  @Jew: 1 times
tattooinkguard4 mentions:
  @Jew: 1 times
kathyap mentions:
  @mdg: 1 times
myreactiveone mentions:
  @Odopod: 1 times
derekfred mentions:
  @ErinTM: 1 times
  @davidneagle: 1 times
  @kirkprine: 1 times
  @DonnyLobree: 1 times
  @LotusAmy: 1 times
  @melcoach: 1 times
  @lesleybohm: 1 times
robapowell mentions:
  @jenkin7NICK: 1 times
  @MikeMundell: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @anamstudios: 1 times
  @MasterMindCoach: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @centralnm: 1 times
stevestlouis mentions:
  @ashletts: 1 times
  @martinwaxman: 1 times
  @echevarria: 1 times
  @thornley: 1 times
  @DavidSuzukiFDN: 1 times
dadekian mentions:
  @RichardPF: 1 times
  @RIMonthlyBride: 1 times
  @savorthethyme: 1 times
  @savorykitchen: 1 times
  @sgraceffa: 1 times
  @TazaChocolate: 1 times
  @TheSavoryGrape: 1 times
  @WRNIRhodeIsland: 1 times
willmarlow mentions:
  @necarter: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @fdncenter: 1 times
  @nonprofitorgs: 1 times
  @digitalcapital: 1 times
  @pndblog: 1 times
  @kentnichols: 1 times
  @tzumach: 1 times
  @KimBrater: 1 times
  @willmarlow: 1 times
docmacastat mentions:
  @pauloone: 1 times
  @mattmcegg: 1 times
  @mtbikermike: 1 times
  @ChefBud: 1 times
  @StPhilistine: 1 times
  @DocMacaSTAT: 1 times
  @JeanAymeri: 1 times
  @daveshustler: 1 times
  @tviton: 1 times
  @wayneshort: 1 times
kenjbarnes1 mentions:
  @WadeHM63: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @FionaVA: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @OneVeritas: 1 times
the_jimski mentions:
  @iFanboy: 1 times
proudmum3 mentions:
  @s4r4hj: 1 times
  @craigy1: 1 times
  @smudge372: 1 times
  @AnnaliseP: 1 times
gmustudentmedia mentions:
  @porjurican: 1 times
  @jennysmo: 1 times
  @connect2masons: 1 times
  @CaySmith: 1 times
  @LCMGMU: 1 times
  @markstoneman: 1 times
rebeccaquinn mentions:
  @SOSolutions: 1 times
dittoshadow mentions:
  @FreedomFactory: 1 times
macmanianetwork mentions:
fearthephenom mentions:
  @secondpower: 1 times
  @jeremyborash: 1 times
  @IamJericho: 1 times
  @MATTHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @JEFFHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @theraveneffect: 1 times
  @awesomekong: 1 times
  @HurricaneHelms: 1 times
dnoxon mentions:
  @sdunn0322: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @sessionstan: 1 times
  @libertysarmy3: 1 times
  @ConservaTeacher: 1 times
  @sparkey999w: 1 times
  @brittb1: 1 times
  @jerusha: 1 times
mommyincharge mentions:
  @LittleSoles: 1 times
  @birthsource: 1 times
  @stylinmama: 1 times
  @Greenmom: 1 times
  @mommyinCharge: 1 times
  @thelandofnod: 1 times
  @thelittleseed: 1 times
4ahonaker mentions:
  @mccall49: 1 times
cacauoliveira mentions:
  @abobritter: 1 times
  @kadudg: 1 times
  @disamefe: 1 times
  @RicXand: 1 times
  @daaniielasilva: 1 times
  @Pedroscot: 1 times
  @danielgpinheiro: 1 times
redhatman mentions:
  @5Great: 1 times
cavcopy mentions:
  @reelsmart: 1 times
  @RobLockard: 1 times
  @waynek: 1 times
  @TheTechUpdate: 1 times
  @cavcopy: 1 times
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
  @kirsten: 1 times
davesusetty mentions:
  @TheNolanShow: 1 times
bumms mentions:
stupidvideos mentions:
  @urlesque: 1 times
  @buzzfeed: 1 times
  @GrindTV: 1 times
  @sarahhaskins: 1 times
  @drewcorley: 1 times
  @kailaengland: 1 times
cure_magazine mentions:
  @djsampson: 1 times
  @oncologytimes: 1 times
  @survivors: 1 times
  @jodyms: 1 times
  @drew: 1 times
  @spiritjump: 1 times
nathaliapandelo mentions:
  @imnotmorrissey: 1 times
  @phiwod: 1 times
  @candybomb: 1 times
  @CoconutRcrds: 1 times
  @killthealarm: 1 times
  @missinginaction: 1 times
  @moveis: 1 times
  @movethatjukebox: 1 times
  @saraueletronic: 1 times
createtomorrow mentions:
  @trinadiva: 1 times
  @createtomorrow: 1 times
  @MarvetBritto: 1 times
  @StaxxPR: 1 times
_enzo mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
  @mimojito: 1 times
  @krigsi: 1 times
  @mikakiviranta: 1 times
  @enzo: 1 times
  @darylsws: 1 times
  @PixlSequence: 1 times
junedairymonth mentions:
  @AllTheCheeses: 1 times
  @BuckeyeFarmNews: 1 times
  @dairydino: 1 times
  @Dairyline: 1 times
  @farmanddairy: 1 times
  @goldenhillcows: 1 times
iameevents mentions:
  @QueensOnly: 1 times
  @honeysoul: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @fave: 1 times
  @dazelleyvette: 1 times
  @SinnamonS: 1 times
  @iameevents: 1 times
  @thejstandard: 1 times
  @WhymenGrindin: 1 times
  @thawrit: 1 times
shakefire mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
dmarkschumann mentions:
  @lisasepiphany: 1 times
  @dmarkschumann: 1 times
davis1862 mentions:
sumoflam mentions:
  @AtLarge: 1 times
  @robmorris2: 1 times
ersle mentions:
  @ForBunnySake: 1 times
  @BunnyCastle: 1 times
  @SaveaBunny: 1 times
  @GLrabbits: 1 times
  @FunnyBunnySanct: 1 times
  @RabbitMatch: 1 times
  @EarthRabbit: 1 times
  @bunnyluvrrc: 1 times
newkicks mentions:
  @MissSididdy: 1 times
atrusni mentions:
  @turtlescanrun: 1 times
  @katylampson: 1 times
  @CEPSocksanne: 1 times
  @kelownagurl: 1 times
  @madmohican: 1 times
  @HellaSound: 1 times
  @Rick262: 1 times
jazcat mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
mick_gill mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @InvestigatorDon: 1 times
  @web2rule: 1 times
ladyleet mentions:
  @Jen2281: 1 times
  @lizasperling: 1 times
  @joanikin: 1 times
  @thesolster: 1 times
  @jakey12: 1 times
  @ladyleet: 1 times
  @kosso: 1 times
  @jkspidel: 1 times
  @doverbey: 1 times
81megs mentions:
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
freakthestreet mentions:
  @BoulderTheCat: 1 times
  @boulderthecat: 1 times
stejules mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
michelereinach mentions:
mylastbite mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mariaasr mentions:
  @jmbolivar: 1 times
  @chicageek: 1 times
  @y2beer: 1 times
  @addax: 1 times
  @arturogoga: 1 times
  @mgr: 1 times
  @dreig: 1 times
  @hernannadal: 1 times
dannychadwick mentions:
  @MarkHardcore: 1 times
  @FlipDoogans: 1 times
  @MacArthur: 1 times
  @SugarRayDodge: 1 times
  @WWJDinSLC: 1 times
  @channelate: 1 times
  @indiebandfollow: 1 times
thehiviewarcade mentions:
  @jackiesil: 1 times
nekaro mentions:
  @asdem: 1 times
  @marcambinder: 1 times
  @50cent: 1 times
studio67 mentions:
  @NickNolte: 1 times
whu mentions:
  @amandadiva: 1 times
  @tourex: 1 times
  @whu: 1 times
  @tiron: 1 times
  @itsQ: 1 times
  @nelsongeorge: 1 times
  @BlowhornOz: 1 times
  @whuishe: 1 times
  @fwmj: 1 times
f1nal1ty mentions:
  @M00nica: 1 times
  @linksfraktion: 1 times
  @Wahlkampfarena: 1 times
  @pixeljunkie: 1 times
pebbletec mentions:
  @pebbletec: 1 times
jesse_knight mentions:
  @sporteyes: 1 times
justsufferable mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
southernhorses mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @louisgray: 1 times
n4cer mentions:
  @poornerd: 1 times
anishdave mentions:
  @daviddez: 1 times
  @TimmyGotSoul: 1 times
  @PedanticBohemia: 1 times
tfgrobfletcher mentions:
  @pammyj42: 1 times
  @penolpeelse: 1 times
orangechuck mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
kayleewood mentions:
  @UBCFarmFriends: 1 times
  @GeekTyrantI: 1 times
  @BitchMagazine: 1 times
larryjoe88 mentions:
  @cattyson: 1 times
  @LarryJoe88: 1 times
leah_art mentions:
  @ginaleekim: 1 times
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @LaurieHawley: 1 times
slurpeefan mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
verso mentions:
  @CigarNut: 1 times
bubbles1969 mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
nakeva mentions:
  @AlbrightDC: 1 times
  @Nakeva: 1 times
  @Blair: 1 times
  @Cornelia: 1 times
  @kstreetkkate: 1 times
  @k8Michael: 1 times
  @pamelaspunch: 1 times
  @kellyanncollins: 1 times
  @nicoleprexec: 1 times
genesis_tech mentions:
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
  @MidwayCollege: 1 times
  @reaktorlovers: 1 times
  @TotalTraining: 1 times
  @AcrobatGU: 1 times
  @CorelDRAW: 1 times
  @EndangeredFrogs: 1 times
  @Capturx: 1 times
gr0326 mentions:
  @LetItBeatles: 1 times
  @BeatlesInMyLife: 1 times
  @BeatlesTweets: 1 times
  @thebeatles: 1 times
  @BeatlesNews: 1 times
martindave mentions:
  @gapingvoid: 1 times
jaybranch mentions:
  @dbdc: 1 times
  @paulson500: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @jasimmo: 1 times
  @randombloke: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
  @markboardman: 1 times
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
  @theskuguy: 1 times
gildorluthien mentions:
  @myhmphs: 1 times
radar01 mentions:
  @CatherineMyers: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @SuzyQbee10: 1 times
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @foodbankccs: 1 times
  @kokasexton: 1 times
  @DavidPogue: 1 times
  @techmama: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
jodifur mentions:
  @dashoff: 1 times
  @MorethanMommy: 1 times
  @BirthdayInABox: 1 times
  @coffeequeen: 1 times
  @sweetney: 1 times
  @snarkyamber: 1 times
  @TheMarathonmom: 1 times
  @LifeAsIKnowIt: 1 times
  @ilinap: 1 times
  @urbanmama: 1 times
traypup mentions:
  @mariakitano: 1 times
timmang mentions:
  @joelbeukelman: 2 times
  @kylesteed: 1 times
  @aaroni268: 1 times
  @MarcPerel: 1 times
  @obox: 1 times
morethnavrage mentions:
  @TheRealNobody: 1 times
lipstickscars mentions:
  @charitywater: 1 times
kissheartoffl mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
jleibee mentions:
  @jonforeman: 1 times
  @lkkays: 1 times
  @jleibee: 1 times
  @akmcquade: 1 times
  @Robyniwitz: 1 times
  @chloevdc: 1 times
kathwyo mentions:
  @Sierratp: 1 times
  @queenoftheclick: 1 times
  @utwittface: 1 times
  @KathleenCarnali: 1 times
  @HappyPandaBaby: 1 times
  @shaneraynor: 1 times
  @boomama: 1 times
  @BigMama: 1 times
  @KayArthur: 1 times
southpawstudios mentions:
  @MBSG: 1 times
  @JulieMSoulen: 1 times
  @handmadeology: 1 times
  @timothyadam: 1 times
  @southpawstudios: 1 times
  @Carlabeads: 1 times
  @meeabee: 1 times
  @nunofakind: 1 times
mattwilsontv mentions:
  @barrymoltz: 1 times
zoenishimuta mentions:
  @Nextvoice247: 1 times
  @sedonadreammakr: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @DorothyNed: 1 times
  @jantoomer: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
stu_cassels mentions:
  @calvinharris: 1 times
  @rossyb: 1 times
  @dcorrigan85: 1 times
  @munrodouglas: 1 times
  @growlersworld: 1 times
  @janeygodley: 1 times
filmscoregeek mentions:
  @randytho: 1 times
  @drcdiva: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @7rex: 1 times
  @aileen2u2: 1 times
  @filmscoregeek: 1 times
  @SwissCow86: 1 times
gothamrealtygrp mentions:
  @yoursavvyva: 1 times
  @kansascitycco: 1 times
  @rodneyb: 1 times
  @jburslem: 1 times
  @teedubya: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @niknik: 1 times
  @jbern: 1 times
  @edbisquera: 1 times
  @jasontryfon: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
sueannesjewelry mentions:
  @babealertCEO: 1 times
  @ShellyRouse: 1 times
  @slonecker: 1 times
  @YankeeGirl20: 1 times
  @beadinpath: 1 times
  @yourdayphoto: 1 times
  @RobertGirandola: 1 times
  @drfyne: 1 times
critterreiki mentions:
  @BCRescueUK: 1 times
  @PetCareBev: 1 times
  @critterreiki: 1 times
  @caring4dogs: 1 times
  @hen4: 1 times
  @kerrygreyhounds: 1 times
  @Balbvs: 1 times
  @TogetherUK: 1 times
  @BabsnRay: 1 times
  @HRdogtraining: 1 times
jennats mentions:
  @revezone: 1 times
  @daniloguzman: 1 times
  @seowicked: 1 times
crystalbannon mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
greentweet mentions:
  @chelseagreen: 1 times
  @greentweet: 1 times
soundalchemy mentions:
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
  @circulodevida: 1 times
  @russlittau: 1 times
  @healingaffects: 1 times
  @HandsthatHeal: 1 times
  @QuantumCoach: 1 times
  @docmarion: 1 times
  @TracyLatz: 1 times
izsy_xox mentions:
  @toneyfitzgerald: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @EmpowerFitness: 1 times
  @wisewealth: 1 times
  @ayanaelon: 1 times
moseslake mentions:
  @everettwash: 1 times
  @bremertonwash: 1 times
  @redmondwash: 1 times
houseofmuses mentions:
  @DigitalDoyle: 1 times
  @KarlKleese: 1 times
  @DethInvictus: 1 times
  @Senshuu: 1 times
  @Luculent: 1 times
  @brokenvoice: 1 times
  @Guelphite: 1 times
  @caisa: 1 times
  @JGrayWebcomic: 1 times
  @AddanacCity: 1 times
bookieboo mentions:
  @momactive: 1 times
aurorasongs mentions:
  @shandelle: 1 times
marloboux mentions:
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
emceet mentions:
  @tap29: 1 times
  @als127: 1 times
  @emceet: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @Herheartsmiles: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
scjsamb mentions:
  @desmoinesdem: 1 times
  @KrauseForIowa: 1 times
green_ninja_mac mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
travelmonkey mentions:
  @MONKEYBALLS: 1 times
  @disinfeqt: 1 times
  @guerillamilk: 1 times
  @lovejones83: 1 times
  @tmail58: 1 times
  @springrollz08: 1 times
  @iea1577: 1 times
  @travelmonkey: 1 times
  @lorisf: 1 times
pitbull_fan76 mentions:
  @WeblogofWeeds: 1 times
  @cdonnellan: 1 times
ghadalancer mentions:
  @mabdelfattah: 1 times
jasongardiner mentions:
  @WendyBendy: 1 times
  @alexjohnson: 1 times
  @vesper7: 1 times
  @pleasefindthis: 1 times
  @wafflesgirls: 1 times
  @SU2C: 1 times
  @jenngardiner: 1 times
  @JasonGardiner: 1 times
luckychica mentions:
  @BronzeWord: 1 times
  @LaChilangabacha: 1 times
  @llunalila: 1 times
  @nikibenitz: 1 times
  @micandetroit: 1 times
  @luckychica: 1 times
  @Liternista: 1 times
  @LatinaLeader: 1 times
  @holistic1: 1 times
stephhicks mentions:
  @biofriendlyblog: 1 times
  @NNUS: 1 times
  @mygreenside: 1 times
  @scrapbooks@mactavish: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @toddbrinks: 1 times
franklin5 mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
cozz mentions:
  @GoldyMom: 1 times
  @cozz: 1 times
  @makenzesgranna: 1 times
  @rickdsilver: 1 times
  @blogomomma: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @injuryboard: 1 times
choosespun mentions:
  @ecoshare: 1 times
jmdc88 mentions:
  @Bighit15: 1 times
  @jmdc88: 1 times
thebuzzbybrian mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
greengeeks mentions:
domcoke mentions:
  @fionaflaherty: 1 times
disturbedmaggot mentions:
  @mallorydanger: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @mikeymasked: 1 times
  @NORML: 1 times
  @noH8campaign: 1 times
miketownsend mentions:
  @JessJubilee: 1 times
  @reidspeed: 1 times
naijand mentions:
  @lasgidi: 1 times
  @TJAbif: 1 times
  @blacknerds: 1 times
  @possicon: 1 times
  @yinkuze: 1 times
  @oba9: 1 times
  @lambodavirus: 1 times
  @blac: 1 times
krismap mentions:
  @etrendzshop: 1 times
  @derring1: 1 times
  @thegman: 1 times
  @RonaldWilsher: 1 times
  @gstarene: 1 times
transgender mentions:
  @LindsayStone: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @sennydreadful: 1 times
  @FWEE4U: 1 times
proud__mary mentions:
  @productiveucast: 1 times
shopeatsleep mentions:
  @SusinaBakery: 1 times
  @BorderGrill: 1 times
  @OsteriaMozza: 1 times
  @PizzeriaMozza: 1 times
xephir mentions:
  @Chrisisbusy: 1 times
  @TorstenLuttmann: 1 times
  @MarcoFeuchter: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
sidekick28 mentions:
  @tezzer57: 1 times
  @paulpuddifoot: 1 times
  @DanielFielding: 1 times
  @Estii1910: 1 times
  @horrorshock666: 1 times
  @BeckyKingston: 1 times
  @anothercraig: 1 times
  @sazline: 1 times
vindicated88 mentions:
  @smallvillefans: 1 times
  @smallvilleblog: 1 times
  @svdedication: 1 times
moneymakeover2 mentions:
  @MTTRadio: 1 times
  @janethilts: 1 times
  @eftspiritcoach: 1 times
  @eftpraxis: 1 times
  @chipeft: 1 times
  @moneymakeover2: 1 times
  @emotionalengine: 1 times
jonkillerfilm mentions:
  @diabolik72: 1 times
  @TerranceKelsey: 1 times
  @TheDudeDean: 1 times
  @mklopez: 1 times
lanecasteix mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @sparkly: 1 times
  @AnAverageJoe: 1 times
  @vegtv: 1 times
  @millercreative: 1 times
  @therussogroup: 1 times
  @timberelk: 1 times
  @blackbuzzer: 1 times
  @TomMartin: 1 times
embarkcreative mentions:
  @nahbois: 1 times
  @atlanta978: 1 times
jsinkeywest mentions:
  @growline: 1 times
saveoursmile mentions:
  @tsitoh: 1 times
noizemagazine mentions:
  @DjRoxx: 1 times
  @artemisrex: 1 times
  @smagggg: 1 times
  @circuitparty: 1 times
  @EdgeOnTheNet: 1 times
  @djdeleon: 1 times
  @georgefigares: 1 times
  @dalegstine: 1 times
  @djtracyyoung: 1 times
  @hilton954: 1 times
donhalejr mentions:
  @calblack: 1 times
  @donhalejr: 1 times
  @SECURITYJ: 1 times
  @Karen230683: 1 times
  @cch72883: 1 times
  @snedwan: 1 times
  @Stevehart: 1 times
  @lliswerryguy: 1 times
  @zuppaholic: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
drew mentions:
  @sarahcooley: 1 times
  @act10ng1rl: 1 times
  @bliptv: 1 times
  @natasha: 1 times
  @curemagazine: 1 times
  @livestrong: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
  @micah: 1 times
jhoysi mentions:
  @johnnylucas: 1 times
wakooz_rss mentions:
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @bazketmakr: 1 times
  @Draxa: 1 times
  @silverguru1: 1 times
davidrn107 mentions:
  @StableinPhotos: 1 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
kaipodiesel mentions:
  @power1043: 1 times
  @Carrera944: 1 times
  @kyrakm: 1 times
  @darrennakao: 1 times
  @xkatrinaa: 1 times
  @ilj062808: 1 times
  @kananikealoha: 1 times
  @danx28o8: 1 times
  @kaipodiesel: 1 times
  @bigmikemaui: 1 times
nancymontier mentions:
  @tobiakazmer: 1 times
marilynsnchez mentions:
ascatia mentions:
  @joaopf: 1 times
celiacsnack mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @CeliacSnack: 1 times
  @autismfamily: 1 times
  @hellokittiemama: 1 times
  @uladee: 1 times
  @2peasinalovepod: 1 times
  @PearlyWrites: 1 times
  @MadamQ: 1 times
  @amyrific: 1 times
iegrock mentions:
  @ALauderdale: 1 times
davincideb mentions:
  @deepwaterscoach: 1 times
  @YourTruthWithin: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
nancyoverbury mentions:
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @Sea4ever: 1 times
  @therightblue: 2 times
  @projectaware: 1 times
  @saveourseas: 1 times
  @sharkcentre: 1 times
limousinelax mentions:
  @hashstats: 1 times
  @twitterparents: 1 times
  @LimousineLAX: 1 times
  @ToniNoBologny: 1 times
  @westcoastman: 1 times
  @tharealod: 1 times
  @davidtinney: 1 times
my_streamer mentions:
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
art4thehomeless mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @cthiago: 1 times
  @oliveiros: 1 times
  @LetpDias: 1 times
  @Ayyallaa: 1 times
  @aloumesse: 1 times
samterror mentions:
  @erinxo: 1 times
cynthialarson mentions:
  @Enchantedheart: 1 times
  @catekustanczy: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @arektara: 1 times
  @cynthialarson: 1 times
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
_marguerite mentions:
  @PamelaPJA: 1 times
  @Marguerite: 1 times
creativecurio mentions:
  @davidairey: 1 times
keithparsons mentions:
  @LauraChappell: 1 times
  @wifijedi: 1 times
eboni_ife mentions:
  @BirdE: 1 times
  @homegrowne: 1 times
  @TAFBreatheEasy: 1 times
john_metcalf mentions:
  @NoCOSocialMedia: 1 times
  @RobAdvertising: 1 times
byron_fenoglio mentions:
  @ubertwiter: 1 times
bigjstl mentions:
  @ShemTovC: 1 times
cjacobs2007 mentions:
  @taylorswift13: 1 times
  @PTIShow: 1 times
  @cjacobs2007: 1 times
mommamiaria mentions:
  @youngxr6: 1 times
  @lf2748: 1 times
  @bridgetteo: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @Pink: 1 times
  @theellenshow: 1 times
explorechicago mentions:
  @chidailynews: 1 times
  @gapersblock: 1 times
  @chicagoist: 1 times
  @chicagobites: 1 times
brevsin mentions:
  @markstenquist: 1 times
  @sashagrosman: 1 times
  @durkin: 1 times
  @miklavic: 1 times
smudge372 mentions:
  @RealIanMorris: 1 times
  @AdventureFarm: 1 times
petrolhead62 mentions:
  @philwheat: 1 times
  @citychick: 1 times
  @AjCRust: 1 times
  @Raggedreporter: 1 times
  @theprodigalfool: 1 times
  @futuredirected: 1 times
dustinjmcclure mentions:
  @Picasso235: 1 times
seangnet mentions:
  @sfmobilejobs: 1 times
  @payametminani: 1 times
  @shastrip: 1 times
diananichols mentions:
  @WisdomDiva: 1 times
  @NinaAmir: 1 times
  @MonicaMcPherrin: 1 times
  @KarenStone: 1 times
  @Idguymn: 1 times
  @KenLauher: 1 times
pftompkins mentions:
  @brianrosserous: 1 times
  @caissie: 1 times
  @ellenkay: 1 times
  @ericcunningham: 1 times
  @dougbenson: 1 times
  @julieklausner: 1 times
  @mattgoldich: 1 times
andrewgatto mentions:
  @sarahhaskins: 1 times
trinamerry mentions:
  @spacevalkyrie: 1 times
joseboza mentions:
  @JBHuskers: 1 times
  @sdrotar: 1 times
  @Shopmaster: 1 times
  @MadScientist06: 1 times
  @pastapadre: 1 times
  @DaveSleepy: 1 times
  @easportsfans: 1 times
  @Kev5890: 1 times
  @MPDamon: 1 times
  @ncaaStrategies: 1 times
dmlcartel mentions:
  @juanenjoyslife: 1 times
  @Oleifr: 1 times
  @ForeverYours13: 1 times
puzinas mentions:
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @TheCTA: 1 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
  @DomBurf: 1 times
  @Puzinas: 1 times
  @DamasoD: 1 times
  @PMRoss: 1 times
sarahbeery mentions:
  @BigCatJared: 1 times
  @sarahbeery: 1 times
  @meggismiles: 1 times
  @SpacePirateRil: 1 times
  @hookedonwinter: 1 times
relentlessbride mentions:
  @aatp: 1 times
  @vintageglam: 1 times
  @itsajaimething: 1 times
  @rbucich: 1 times
  @beaucoupfavors: 1 times
  @papercakegal: 1 times
  @bravobride: 1 times
  @eventsbywe: 1 times
  @weddingrumors: 1 times
  @weddzilla: 1 times
quana_est86 mentions:
  @cgsmoove: 1 times
  @DjQuestnyc: 1 times
  @DVerbalAssassin: 1 times
  @lost4wordz: 1 times
  @mikeyswag: 1 times
  @Propesos: 1 times
  @TBoyeDoe: 1 times
upcomingpixar mentions:
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
  @DisneyPictures: 1 times
  @pixarplanet: 1 times
  @Updates: 1 times
  @TheDisneyBlog: 1 times
  @StitchKingdom: 1 times
  @PixarFanboy: 1 times
  @disneyvideo: 1 times
leowolfe mentions:
  @masonentingh: 1 times
  @fabviid: 1 times
  @ste1987: 1 times
jvc214 mentions:
  @ZuDfunck: 1 times
leaky_tiki mentions:
  @MatthewPHX: 1 times
  @azaerophoto: 1 times
lnobles mentions:
  @pwilson: 1 times
  @michaelhyatt: 1 times
  @donmilleris: 1 times
marvymarv955 mentions:
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @turnbacktogod: 1 times
  @marvymarv955: 1 times
  @reddywriting: 1 times
  @StephenPConroy: 1 times
ravimohanv mentions:
  @ThillaiS: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
parentella mentions:
  @darrenwilliger: 1 times
elitistczar mentions:
  @rmedina: 1 times
  @candelwish: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
  @bebemOsHo: 1 times
  @omcantu: 1 times
  @OctavioSaenz: 1 times
sugarjojo mentions:
  @DamasoD: 1 times
  @WireTapper: 1 times
  @DonnaKat: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @IndygirllBL: 1 times
  @sugarjojo: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @TySeale: 1 times
  @FrankBanuat78: 1 times
  @nurul54: 1 times
  @POTUS: 1 times
eaterrell mentions:
  @davidhauptmann: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
  @BettinaInclan: 1 times
  @LizMair: 1 times
  @jstrevino: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
  @ErickaAndersen: 1 times
becube mentions:
  @atilael1: 1 times
juliemsoulen mentions:
  @ledameredith: 1 times
  @unitedyogis: 1 times
  @meredithmo: 1 times
  @PranaHeals: 1 times
  @HipSlopeMama: 1 times
  @mgonyeo: 1 times
  @megc: 1 times
  @krisfrenchnyc: 1 times
poppys_pizza mentions:
  @goslow53: 1 times
loydlarue mentions:
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @LoydLarue: 1 times
nickman611 mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 2 times
  @DWiley224: 1 times
  @DocNasty: 1 times
  @Tomas57: 1 times
  @WilM: 1 times
  @Snu70: 1 times
  @JillyO: 1 times
  @Nickman611: 1 times
erinblaskie mentions:
  @TaraKachaturoff: 1 times
juanrios mentions:
  @eltatos: 1 times
  @semidios: 1 times
  @regiomontana: 1 times
  @kadasire: 1 times
  @thecx: 1 times
  @spiderglow: 1 times
  @edusantiago: 1 times
tobi319 mentions:
  @FoodBlogga: 1 times
  @AgentGirly: 1 times
  @briancline: 1 times
  @barbrocks: 1 times
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @AnnetteHolland: 1 times
  @buckmasterflash: 1 times
  @ranajune: 1 times
arika_1 mentions:
  @KikeCeTs: 1 times
itsgayle mentions:
  @weddzilla: 1 times
  @restlessbride: 1 times
missbounty mentions:
  @vidademigalhas: 1 times
politicalcrunch mentions:
  @sessionsfan: 1 times
  @SHARPAL: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @bushido02: 1 times
  @Ozarksky: 1 times
  @fjstreeter: 1 times
phatstack510 mentions:
  @NBA: 1 times
  @WilsonChandler: 1 times
  @RachelNichols: 1 times
  @PTIShow: 1 times
  @13teams1journey: 1 times
  @AroundTheHorn: 1 times
teamwrecktangle mentions:
  @LyssaMonkey: 1 times
gjf19621 mentions:
  @ExpertsSecrets: 1 times
  @Inspirationals: 1 times
  @evespride: 1 times
  @utterhip: 1 times
  @melabarrie: 1 times
  @gjf19621: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @skashliwal: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
theprguy mentions:
  @CajunMama: 1 times
  @karasw: 1 times
  @BethBlair: 1 times
  @MudslideMama: 1 times
katelyncoder mentions:
  @adamdrago: 1 times
  @xcocochanel: 1 times
  @CaitHammy: 1 times
  @KageFC4: 1 times
  @xsavedgex: 1 times
  @morganfoley: 1 times
  @KellyCoder: 1 times
  @Tamarzipan: 1 times
smellycents mentions:
  @pauloelias: 1 times
  @smellycents: 1 times
itswendylou mentions:
  @moriddim: 1 times
  @roadhacker: 1 times
  @shadmarsh: 1 times
  @skimtheocean: 1 times
  @loknessmobster: 1 times
  @donmak: 1 times
  @h0zae: 1 times
  @MissCollado: 1 times
unsilent mentions:
  @TruthAboutIt: 1 times
  @bigdaddywookie: 1 times
bun_e mentions:
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @bune: 1 times
  @evrydaydowners: 1 times
  @luv4Animation: 1 times
nwgregg mentions:
  @jasonkamb: 1 times
  @stikr: 1 times
  @kaijson: 1 times
  @georgeven: 1 times
  @ericchambers: 1 times
normandu mentions:
  @backstreetboys: 1 times
  @brianlittrell: 1 times
  @frillneck: 1 times
  @nickcarter: 1 times
  @howied: 1 times
alvin_n mentions:
  @foodimages: 1 times
  @GirlsSentAway: 1 times
  @carladuc: 1 times
  @XtelleV: 1 times
  @AlvinN: 1 times
  @ajbartholomew: 1 times
donnamariea mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
caramck mentions:
  @STLGirlsGuide: 1 times
  @southcitystudio: 1 times
  @jennifer: 1 times
  @CosmosGirl: 1 times
  @CourtneyChesley: 1 times
benz87 mentions:
  @robertz: 1 times
  @vixen37: 1 times
mediasosial mentions:
mediamagik mentions:
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @AundrayC: 1 times
  @mediamagik: 1 times
  @USEUCOM: 1 times
  @luvmyhubbyman: 1 times
  @veteranjobs: 1 times
  @lilysgranny: 1 times
  @wotn: 1 times
  @jasondeleon: 1 times
gdwg_moosed mentions:
  @eddruckman: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @KPeezy: 1 times
  @G0: 1 times
  @johnjdelany: 1 times
  @ambershh: 1 times
  @shakti90: 1 times
  @micsolis: 1 times
  @Mike1Myers: 1 times
  @oneway4: 1 times
  @BrainGuyJerry: 1 times
dbomb252 mentions:
meredi mentions:
  @therozblog: 1 times
  @adbusters: 1 times
raid1907 mentions:
  @NYCNavygirl: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
anatolianshep mentions:
  @AnimalsPassion: 1 times
  @SylvieDog: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @barrie: 1 times
  @TrueAgendas: 1 times
  @DogFromBeyond: 1 times
  @SaveOurPets: 1 times
  @SemaviLady: 1 times
  @nika7k: 1 times
h2oshy mentions:
  @slrdude: 1 times
  @CHRISDaughtry: 1 times
  @chipcoffey: 1 times
  @livetodreamtx: 1 times
  @photogluvr: 1 times
  @bfsrocks: 1 times
  @yoochild: 1 times
  @McCainBlogette: 1 times
kulpreetsingh mentions:
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
  @invoke: 1 times
  @vivek1209: 1 times
  @gillianshaw: 1 times
  @raavi: 1 times
  @nicolane: 1 times
fellipetorres mentions:
  @filipesf: 1 times
  @mariliaribeiro: 1 times
ericcanaday mentions:
  @BizCoachDeb: 1 times
  @karlameachem: 1 times
  @AlexisGentry: 1 times
  @BrianWillms: 1 times
  @VincentHunt: 1 times
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
  @ajensen74: 1 times
amadril mentions:
  @heyjude408: 1 times
  @LilyMazahery: 1 times
nikitagearing mentions:
  @growinggold: 1 times
  @docmarion: 1 times
  @MnfestWellBeing: 1 times
  @cynthialarson: 1 times
  @NikitaGearing: 1 times
djblackmagic mentions:
freight_rescue mentions:
  @cartoono: 1 times
  @RealSteveHolmes: 1 times
vinceblackham mentions:
  @steveplunkett: 1 times
  @lookadoo: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
prettytoni629 mentions:
  @xMoMox: 2 times
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @griddy: 1 times
  @Quizo: 1 times
  @PrettyToni629: 1 times
  @MRJELLYBEANZ: 1 times
haiilee mentions:
  @lalunetropbleme: 1 times
  @wowxxrandom: 1 times
  @aliciaappleface: 1 times
  @sarahjoybrown: 1 times
  @brandonbarash: 1 times
pnwlocalnews mentions:
  @JNHohol: 1 times
lunatiger mentions:
  @RalphContreras: 1 times
  @lgesin: 1 times
  @kitschfactor: 1 times
  @rivetrivet: 1 times
  @Alexmilway: 1 times
  @escorial: 1 times
  @SupremeKnight: 1 times
  @peterntrinh: 1 times
  @carlosparra: 1 times
egately mentions:
chad_bordes mentions:
  @jodymal: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @jescarter: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
jayfriesen mentions:
  @os1019: 1 times
  @ShotsAndCuts: 1 times
  @jayfriesen: 1 times
bluehenjen mentions:
  @efjmiller: 1 times
  @denverfoodguy: 1 times
  @darthwonka: 1 times
  @GayMarriage: 1 times
  @gohumble: 1 times
  @thenflchick: 1 times
  @randomsubu: 1 times
  @remigiodarby: 1 times
  @lvitsa: 1 times
  @DemianW: 1 times
nperkins mentions:
  @sla2009: 1 times
konemak mentions:
michaelrobison mentions:
  @iwestminster: 1 times
  @raewhitlock: 1 times
  @jeffabel: 1 times
  @julieabel: 1 times
  @pastorjeremy: 1 times
  @deur: 1 times
  @jamiemunson: 1 times
  @forehand: 1 times
  @robedwardslive: 1 times
djnice013 mentions:
  @chingching16: 1 times
  @DJRoyalT: 1 times
  @THEHOMEYNOLTE: 1 times
  @coolvsratednext: 1 times
  @epidemik: 1 times
  @djsimonsez: 1 times
nsyteinc mentions:
wixpix mentions:
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
  @upcomingpixar: 1 times
  @DVDsnapshot: 1 times
  @CRITERION: 1 times
  @TVShowsonDVD: 1 times
  @TheDisneyblog: 1 times
  @newbeverly: 1 times
amandapearl mentions:
  @taywhit: 1 times
  @amandapearl: 1 times
  @FabMissK: 1 times
  @LouiseTipton: 1 times
  @daniellefab: 1 times
  @PassionMD: 1 times
andylaird25 mentions:
  @jamesosb: 1 times
  @Alistair1990: 1 times
  @ollieparsley: 1 times
  @TuckInToTech: 1 times
fpdboxer mentions:
  @blazingtorch: 1 times
  @RedHerringHack: 1 times
  @bobcash: 1 times
  @KDuque: 1 times
muellertime mentions:
  @strategies4u: 1 times
clearskies mentions:
  @mattams: 1 times
  @mobSil: 1 times
  @patrickphelan: 1 times
  @Ste1987: 1 times
  @susstudio: 1 times
  @semipenguin: 1 times
  @yellowscone: 1 times
  @CezzaB: 1 times
  @clearskies: 1 times
thesilverbarn mentions:
  @ImageGlow: 1 times
  @ChicagoMarket: 1 times
  @dallasmarket: 1 times
  @RetailMinded: 1 times
  @ktsteppers: 1 times
aloliver mentions:
  @celaV: 1 times
u2_lulu mentions:
  @tremendousnewsIf: 1 times
nparmalee mentions:
  @wolfems: 1 times
  @jayhawkbabe: 1 times
  @thesciencebabe: 1 times
  @sciencegoddess: 1 times
  @nparmalee: 1 times
writermind mentions:
  @danielames: 1 times
  @VictorGischler: 1 times
  @Writermind: 1 times
amandinhakee mentions:
  @derekhuether: 1 times
  @pmstudent: 1 times
  @VickiePMP: 1 times
  @pm4girls: 1 times
  @DaveG253: 1 times
  @rvvargas: 1 times
annevanston mentions:
  @PowerJourneys: 1 times
thomsinger mentions:
  @gameplanhayden: 1 times
sporkburrito mentions:
  @shakefire: 1 times
arcofmiddlesex mentions:
  @davethecfre: 1 times
rossmonaghan mentions:
  @Szetela: 1 times
oychicago mentions:
  @KosherHamlove: 1 times
  @Jewishbridethanks: 1 times
  @mailsfjust: 1 times
emielli mentions:
  @TheSingleGirl: 1 times
  @SarahG42s: 1 times
  @ncstateguy2012: 1 times
  @saramckinniss: 1 times
sneakyculture mentions:
  @acostamccart: 1 times
  @silkychicken: 1 times
  @inspiredm: 1 times
  @MtnDew: 1 times
  @karimcleod: 1 times
  @shellygrrl: 1 times
  @SneakyCulture: 1 times
crystalakana mentions:
  @kierantong: 2 times
  @naosanifollowfriday: 1 times
  @christinesz: 1 times
  @Cindytg: 1 times
  @OneBetterDay: 1 times
  @Johna404: 1 times
  @Marksiebert: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @tracitoguch: 1 times
princesioni mentions:
  @DeoluAkinyemi: 1 times
samcashcash mentions:
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @samcashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
gayjournalist mentions:
  @chrisj316: 1 times
  @johnprather: 1 times
  @connorJon: 1 times
  @5810uk: 1 times
  @Alanhchin: 1 times
  @preppydude: 1 times
  @ginakay: 1 times
  @Gstuedler: 1 times
  @Mattalgren: 1 times
  @bruinbrian: 1 times
indiegirl175 mentions:
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @buenosaires007: 1 times
  @webaddict: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @iamPaulGipson: 1 times
  @Katiebustin: 1 times
  @ChristineF: 1 times
  @lenwilton: 1 times
  @Iceburner: 1 times
chevyburnz mentions:
  @officialstaticx: 1 times
  @x1039: 1 times
  @bfmvofficial: 1 times
politicalbelle mentions:
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
  @smfibus: 1 times
  @pmgreco: 1 times
  @JGDemas: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @SouthernCharm: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
karilo13 mentions:
  @sddialedin: 1 times
  @notmarcocollins: 1 times
  @skterpunx: 1 times
  @skytumblingdown: 1 times
  @faryl: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @earcandyblog: 1 times
  @verymachomike: 1 times
wedwayradio mentions:
  @Robonics95: 1 times
ianwa mentions:
doreenleigh mentions:
  @michelleblau: 1 times
  @krixoz: 1 times
elliethinks mentions:
  @samcashcash: 2 times
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
lannydoodle mentions:
  @scenetrash: 1 times
hrccteam mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @victorcina: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @bethlayne: 1 times
  @LaurenMuchko: 1 times
  @dlsHealthWorks: 1 times
  @Levalley: 1 times
  @exit38: 1 times
  @TCAGENT: 1 times
terracecrawford mentions:
ralphcontreras mentions:
  @lgesin: 1 times
  @kitschfactor: 1 times
  @rivetrivet: 1 times
  @Alexmilway: 1 times
  @escorial: 1 times
  @SupremeKnight: 1 times
  @peterntrinh: 1 times
  @carlosparra: 1 times
aldaraia mentions:
  @auditorycanvas: 1 times
  @swearbot: 1 times
  @TRACERfire: 1 times
maczrule mentions:
  @appilicious: 1 times
  @earlthibert: 1 times
  @candicejarrett: 1 times
  @lambdaguy: 1 times
  @chickenstudios: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
hankscnn mentions:
  @PFTompkins: 1 times
  @nelsonofnelson: 1 times
  @nicechucknice: 1 times
  @normmaker: 1 times
  @paulscheer: 1 times
  @robhuebel: 1 times
  @therealseanjohn: 1 times
  @zarafs: 1 times
michaelterror mentions:
  @filthyparty: 1 times
ruimoio mentions:
  @sabroso164: 1 times
  @komponisto: 1 times
  @BarbaraPC: 1 times
  @offshorebroker: 1 times
  @RogerioFragoso: 1 times
  @RuiMoio: 1 times
  @Antologias: 1 times
  @SentireSentidos: 1 times
  @CienciasExactas: 1 times
drrez mentions:
  @alexlewis: 1 times
  @expta: 1 times
  @TalonNYC: 1 times
  @DrREZ: 1 times
  @DDUBIE: 1 times
  @ucteam: 1 times
  @blairplez: 1 times
  @tompacyk: 1 times
  @Waveformation: 1 times
  @nortel: 1 times
  @whassaname: 1 times
  @microsoftsubnet: 1 times
queenrobina mentions:
  @ctyler1420: 1 times
  @QueenRobina: 1 times
thechaserblog mentions:
  @prfictbear: 1 times
  @LarryFlick: 1 times
  @btalk: 1 times
  @Granfair: 1 times
  @kumalv1: 1 times
  @dalylab: 1 times
  @chefartsmith: 1 times
andtheafterglow mentions:
  @bluwhske: 1 times
  @brendaxoxo: 1 times
  @adnamay: 1 times
  @karilo13: 1 times
  @robpattznews: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @robsessedblog: 1 times
ginabad mentions:
  @mamasick: 1 times
  @AnissaMayhew: 1 times
  @SharneseLaNier: 1 times
  @MommyMelee: 1 times
  @AppomattoxNews: 1 times
  @autismfamily: 1 times
  @healingautism: 1 times
lextwit mentions:
  @YamiOlguin: 1 times
  @juliarga: 1 times
  @cecicolor: 1 times
  @Radioher: 1 times
  @nicolasprieto: 1 times
insooutso mentions:
  @Jessabelle2o7: 1 times
  @superfantastic: 1 times
unitebullying mentions:
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @asthmauk: 1 times
  @sweetyhigh: 1 times
hiximestherxhi mentions:
  @samcashcash: 2 times
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
twaddo mentions:
  @JackTatar@MontyPoindexter: 1 times
  @JDEbberly: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @SujataChadha: 1 times
  @PeopleTested: 1 times
  @iAsk: 1 times
  @manishamusic: 1 times
  @DamPorcher: 1 times
hambers mentions:
  @noxhanti: 1 times
littlenaddi mentions:
nursebc1974 mentions:
  @paperbackchic: 1 times
  @nursebc1974: 1 times
mysinglespeed mentions:
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @soulpoetrysite: 1 times
  @BobKleppin: 1 times
  @lovinglifelady: 1 times
  @HOPELightMedia: 1 times
  @majestikbtrfly: 1 times
  @logicattraction: 1 times
rakefet27 mentions:
  @gaytheologian: 1 times
  @AslanWRP: 1 times
  @MandrakeAM: 1 times
  @johnclint: 1 times
  @p2son: 1 times
  @levikreis: 1 times
missmab mentions:
  @Trickortweet: 1 times
arazi mentions:
  @Labradorabledog: 1 times
  @roguelab: 1 times
  @chargey: 1 times
  @sullyburger: 1 times
  @arazi: 1 times
  @theralphiedog: 1 times
  @oakleydoke: 1 times
pixteca mentions:
  @copyblogger: 1 times
  @PSDTUTS: 1 times
  @photoshoppro: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @FreelanceSw: 1 times
andreanowack mentions:
  @Ustream: 1 times
  @liltwist: 1 times
  @alyankovic: 1 times
  @andydick: 1 times
  @souljaboytellem: 1 times
  @robredstone: 1 times
deanmarkinc mentions:
  @AmberClare: 1 times
  @DeanMarkInc: 1 times
ultraleetj mentions:
  @leighmichele: 1 times
dontstalknoey mentions:
  @smpodcast: 1 times
lucy_uk mentions:
  @craftwordy: 1 times
sportbodywork mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @TigerLlly83: 1 times
  @bzsaw: 1 times
  @MauiPetTherapy: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @DebbieJJohnson: 1 times
djpaisley mentions:
  @djpaisley: 1 times
dominicscott mentions:
  @DominicScott: 1 times
  @CoreyLay: 1 times
  @BiancaStar: 1 times
  @PeteyPiranha: 1 times
  @RollingStone: 1 times
  @TheCWatson: 1 times
late2thepartee mentions:
  @janetrigs: 1 times
  @nicnaxx666: 1 times
  @mimzy79: 1 times
  @sparklysays: 1 times
  @toofargone: 1 times
naturesdecor mentions:
  @ldeandyment: 1 times
  @SINjewelry: 1 times
  @polymerclaygal: 1 times
  @LeanDogPottery: 1 times
  @JunkpunkArt: 1 times
phendrana mentions:
  @ChrisHenderson: 1 times
  @spencerian: 1 times
  @ricktheis: 1 times
  @johnrandersen: 1 times
  @scourti: 1 times
  @andrewmcintyre: 1 times
ckcyn mentions:
  @newmanzoo: 1 times
  @ckcynone: 1 times
coreyskort mentions:
  @TheBigfella: 1 times
  @coreyskort: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @Becca1982: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
karensperling mentions:
  @jackiejart: 1 times
  @abstanfield: 1 times
  @karensperling: 1 times
  @digitalpaint: 1 times
  @lisacall: 1 times
  @cath4art: 1 times
  @lizamyers: 1 times
haley2fresh mentions:
  @samcashcash: 2 times
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
jobshouts mentions:
  @imjustagoyle: 1 times
  @KyleWilliams2: 1 times
markdavidgerson mentions:
  @WritingSpirit: 1 times
  @MarkDavidGerson: 1 times
  @DonnaKozik: 1 times
  @TheWriterMama: 1 times
  @JaneFriedman: 1 times
adamradman mentions:
  @PatrickRuffini: 1 times
  @DavidAll: 1 times
  @almacy: 1 times
  @MichaelTurk: 1 times
  @EATerrell: 1 times
  @TimChapman: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
  @katieharbath: 1 times
  @seanhackbarth: 1 times
barakaofcsb mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @KingMike210: 1 times
  @BarakaofCSB: 1 times
  @Question210: 1 times
  @SirrahMoney: 1 times
  @YUNGFEDDI: 1 times
haleyodom mentions:
  @cspizzirri: 1 times
  @nikiblack: 1 times
  @rkodner: 1 times
  @jennsteele: 1 times
  @LawyerKM: 1 times
  @kaplanmyrth: 1 times
  @mikemac29: 1 times
  @HaleyOdom: 1 times
rominafoods mentions:
  @OrganicConsumer: 1 times
veesmith mentions:
  @ashessehsa: 1 times
  @nlovmarco: 1 times
  @Blu3b3rri: 1 times
  @VeeSmith: 1 times
  @avmaster: 1 times
  @mizzvishizz: 1 times
  @djamazing: 1 times
tromano mentions:
  @JBLucci: 1 times
  @joypress: 1 times
  @Chloehilliard: 1 times
  @nelsongeorge: 1 times
infozeus mentions:
  @arroba: 1 times
  @lavozdeunagata: 1 times
jayceonmovement mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @DawnSandomeno: 1 times
  @dashchang: 1 times
  @TimothyBlack: 1 times
  @EthanJaynes: 1 times
  @veronicaduran: 1 times
  @JayceonMovement: 1 times
  @GuildWarsBaby: 1 times
etraxx mentions:
  @VITW912: 1 times
_kachiri mentions:
  @rosalielhale6: 1 times
kelly_browne mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
jimlootens mentions:
  @levyj413: 1 times
  @gwynnek: 1 times
  @AndrewPWilson: 1 times
  @ScottHorvath: 1 times
  @govloop: 1 times
ineedanap mentions:
  @rhondalane: 1 times
bosskhouston mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
ashalieme mentions:
aprilshuntae mentions:
  @CiaBaby: 1 times
  @BossLadiToya: 1 times
  @ButtafliBeauti: 1 times
  @subbz: 1 times
  @chrysanthevonna: 1 times
  @BIGBOYZMUSIC: 1 times
  @shybutflyy: 1 times
  @yestrundeed: 1 times
  @prettyboib07: 1 times
  @Jeremih: 1 times
jdb2486 mentions:
  @TWBuffComm: 1 times
  @buffalocomm: 1 times
  @CanRockies: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
heyalexandra mentions:
  @revious: 1 times
  @vwcypher: 1 times
  @graceandmanners: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @septmourningm: 1 times
  @trentvanegas: 1 times
unodostrice mentions:
caprisings mentions:
  @MrSoliman: 1 times
  @MickeyFactz: 1 times
shawnkeeler mentions:
  @tyfr: 1 times
  @phillysandwich: 1 times
  @uncrate: 1 times
weelaura mentions:
  @kayhanley: 1 times
wrenbjor mentions:
  @CandiceJarrett: 1 times
kariewithak mentions:
  @cbear12864: 1 times
  @iamstesha: 1 times
  @momsmostwanted: 1 times
  @TwinHappyJen: 1 times
  @rockdrool: 1 times
  @BrittanyGreer5: 1 times
  @musingsfromme: 1 times
  @sugarjojo: 1 times
spdworks mentions:
  @jopas: 1 times
  @Infob: 1 times
  @mklopez: 1 times
  @Breakcom: 1 times
  @samantharonson: 1 times
  @IncomeDiary: 1 times
strongsarah mentions:
  @mrxinu: 1 times
overseasprops mentions:
  @RealtyFaces: 1 times
  @deliciouscookin: 1 times
  @realtyvideos: 1 times
  @realtyjokes: 1 times
  @agentopolis: 1 times
  @kylegriffith: 1 times
  @phaoloo: 1 times
  @hawaiirealty: 1 times
  @pawmarks: 1 times
ashutter mentions:
  @EmergeBroward: 1 times
reado mentions:
  @DavidAndGoliath: 1 times
patriciakor mentions:
  @SusanBockBlog: 1 times
gloriana_fans mentions:
  @glorianatheband: 1 times
  @glorianafans: 1 times
  @therealpickler: 1 times
  @taylorswift13: 1 times
  @hurricaneheart: 1 times
  @1067thefox: 1 times
  @ruthcollins: 1 times
hazelnieves mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @askdeb: 1 times
  @adenadam: 1 times
  @DanPlasticMan: 1 times
  @BoulderLady: 1 times
tournevis mentions:
  @Nannerland: 1 times
vegaswalkindude mentions:
  @Patti0713: 1 times
stevesaunders mentions:
  @YBLECOL: 1 times
ovejuno mentions:
  @bocanadastereo: 1 times
  @valecilla: 1 times
  @linkey: 1 times
  @aelete: 1 times
  @chilemoz: 1 times
  @nelawish: 1 times
  @adrianfrg: 1 times
  @eklectica: 1 times
  @contraculto: 1 times
  @matiasrivera: 1 times
  @infozeus: 1 times
wanderermusic mentions:
  @andypandy088: 1 times
  @imogenheap: 1 times
  @saragarth: 1 times
  @unahealy: 1 times
  @HimOverThere: 1 times
  @johnnathaniel: 1 times
  @lizzy1e: 1 times
simplydawnb mentions:
  @cbetancourtPR: 1 times
misskbee mentions:
  @fatnutritionist: 1 times
  @ForlornHopeWine: 1 times
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
  @indiaknight: 1 times
  @KirstieMAllsopp: 1 times
  @winematcher: 1 times
  @queenofshops: 1 times
  @ldninteresting: 1 times
deebishop mentions:
  @ScreamingEagle1: 1 times
robtruman mentions:
  @brianlbaker: 1 times
  @johnemcintyre: 1 times
jordynlyn mentions:
  @realitysteve: 1 times
designcoyote mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @gracesmith: 1 times
nancerellababy mentions:
  @RayGarton: 1 times
thetrade mentions:
  @thetrade: 1 times
thefatandskinny mentions:
nachhi mentions:
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
  @arbonneteam: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @tjholthaus: 1 times
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @dnajd: 1 times
  @bobbiebrisse: 1 times
  @FiveKnife: 1 times
  @MaryRac: 1 times
moodymeow mentions:
  @wdprescott: 1 times
  @FunkDr: 1 times
  @RenegadeScribe: 1 times
  @Chicklitter: 1 times
  @MoodyMeow: 1 times
  @cpcarey: 1 times
  @MikeBrendan: 1 times
  @chuntastic: 1 times
wookiesgirl mentions:
  @shadowsinstone: 1 times
  @piaveleno: 1 times
  @stina8753: 1 times
  @gillfrayne: 1 times
  @ipithia: 1 times
  @smeykunz: 1 times
  @inkgypsy: 1 times
duncantrussell mentions:
  @douggpound: 1 times
mathewfreeman mentions:
  @DrJaredThomas: 1 times
  @BobbyGraves: 1 times
  @sierrafriend: 1 times
  @meghanwood: 1 times
  @WalkingYouHome: 1 times
  @MCrespillo: 1 times
  @thisaac: 1 times
reluctantveggie mentions:
  @HindsiteHealth: 1 times
innovatori mentions:
  @ChrisSpagnuolo: 1 times
realtyvideos mentions:
  @RealtyFaces: 1 times
  @mybeststuf: 1 times
  @MyHousePlans: 1 times
  @BillHurbut: 1 times
  @1st4frenchProp: 1 times
  @502MS: 1 times
  @nikosbiris: 1 times
  @GerardHilinski: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
white_spyder mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @michaelianblack: 1 times
  @mshowalter: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
wingspouse mentions:
  @CallieJohnson: 1 times
  @wkurtz: 1 times
  @meridith: 1 times
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @sarahds2005: 1 times
pollypearson mentions:
  @Stu: 1 times
  @davidkspencer: 1 times
  @stevetodd: 1 times
  @storagezilla: 1 times
  @mikefishman: 1 times
  @davegraham: 1 times
  @chuckhollis: 1 times
  @smithcameron: 1 times
  @irsanw: 1 times
  @lendevanna: 1 times
backednthefence mentions:
  @TheDalyPlanetfollowfriday: 1 times
  @MartySmithESPN: 1 times
  @nscrwriter: 1 times
  @NASCARRealTime: 1 times
  @jeffgluck: 1 times
  @bobpockrass: 1 times
  @JennaFryer: 1 times
  @kylepetty: 1 times
  @RyanMcGeeESPN: 1 times
snaggle mentions:
  @CampusEAI: 1 times
  @Sirjohnwriter: 1 times
  @chunleizhang: 1 times
  @JoeDuck: 1 times
  @microcline: 1 times
  @catworkout: 1 times
  @charlief: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
iainbluett mentions:
  @derektixx: 1 times
makakman mentions:
  @kikolani: 1 times
thepurpleblug mentions:
  @MyPlateMate: 1 times
  @oliveshoot: 1 times
  @lilithevy: 1 times
weebittrendy mentions:
  @stylishbabybtq: 1 times
  @weebittrendy: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @twishTJ: 1 times
vitw912 mentions:
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
cjs_3 mentions:
  @changeforiran: 1 times
  @BostonBoomer: 1 times
  @OsamuK: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @krfields: 1 times
  @seongimhong: 1 times
r27 mentions:
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
rondostar mentions:
  @rachcreative: 1 times
  @inthiseconomy: 1 times
  @LevelTenColin: 1 times
  @dallashappyhour: 1 times
  @iliveindallas: 1 times
  @rondostar: 1 times
  @drocolate: 1 times
  @surlyZ: 1 times
  @sberlin: 1 times
twitsmag mentions:
  @RosevilleRockLn: 1 times
  @imadedinner: 1 times
  @CallaLilies83: 1 times
  @philzirkwitz: 1 times
  @willofiron: 1 times
  @intodiet: 1 times
longhairgreg mentions:
  @sunrayswench: 1 times
shendoah mentions:
  @dhkeller: 1 times
  @kball2: 1 times
  @cynthia1960: 1 times
  @nhldigest: 1 times
  @tattermuffin: 1 times
  @harleymae: 1 times
  @sjsharkie: 1 times
nathanblevins mentions:
  @wrox: 1 times
  @nberardi: 1 times
  @keyvan: 1 times
  @joefawcett: 1 times
  @simonech: 1 times
  @ImarSpaanjaars: 1 times
  @christoc: 1 times
  @wbm: 1 times
  @LeeDumond: 1 times
forgetregrets mentions:
  @samcashcash: 2 times
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
kristalashely mentions:
  @leighmichele: 2 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @KristalAshely: 1 times
  @panamajack54: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @revbeej: 1 times
  @trent4tnr: 1 times
  @sumptersam: 1 times
jc76 mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @rickross10: 1 times
  @JoyceLayman: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @bizshrink: 1 times
  @jc76: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @KitCooper: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
  @w: 1 times
mikermcd mentions:
  @pastorjdgreear: 1 times
  @briercreekam: 1 times
  @summitwcc: 1 times
  @jeremypollard: 1 times
  @SendRDU: 1 times
rebeccablack_ mentions:
  @Charlottenomad: 1 times
  @Peternomad: 1 times
  @MakennaNomad: 1 times
theconnective mentions:
  @msjenniewalker: 1 times
  @emikomusic: 1 times
  @cybrpr: 1 times
kwesirobertson mentions:
  @ChurchsChicken: 1 times
fransi4real mentions:
  @daryntufts: 1 times
  @bramology: 1 times
  @layongray: 1 times
  @wescraven: 1 times
  @RWZombie: 1 times
  @Leahsstory: 1 times
  @HOPEWELL: 1 times
carlacurbelo mentions:
  @chicaseo: 1 times
disneyfoodblog mentions:
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
  @DisneyPixar: 1 times
  @DisneyPictures: 1 times
shaunathn mentions:
  @signedmissyoung: 1 times
photocullen mentions:
  @wdwdisneyland: 1 times
  @Xaan: 1 times
  @cdh1174: 1 times
  @girly613: 1 times
  @Vampirelover: 1 times
  @CullenHouse: 1 times
tracytran mentions:
  @KellyinDC: 1 times
  @NWF: 1 times
carolaclavo mentions:
  @xkithic: 1 times
rubysky12 mentions:
  @nicoletta3: 1 times
  @KrystleWood: 1 times
  @hrhmcd: 1 times
  @gorillatree: 1 times
t_1001 mentions:
  @Cinebo: 1 times
  @Pipster24: 1 times
  @Persiarose: 1 times
  @DReese73: 1 times
  @SaveTscc: 1 times
  @SaveTerminator: 1 times
  @SamG2020: 1 times
  @Kaotic2: 1 times
  @Starkiller99: 1 times
  @Cousto: 1 times
  @Schmacky0: 1 times
photonconcepts mentions:
  @thewindypixel: 1 times
  @VisitChicago: 1 times
  @hashphoto: 1 times
  @lightstalking: 1 times
  @chasejarvis: 1 times
  @scottkelby@BecThomasPhoto: 1 times
  @ChicagoPress@newmediaphoto: 1 times
carriestephens mentions:
  @randiohdesigns: 1 times
  @MrsCrazy: 1 times
  @kikihalbert: 1 times
  @SunniSBE: 1 times
  @wetfishdesigns: 1 times
  @hollymccaig: 1 times
  @creativechaos: 1 times
  @caseykrause: 1 times
  @jenallyson: 1 times
debbiemahler mentions:
  @HaumanaDao: 1 times
  @thenewhustle: 1 times
  @jcordella: 1 times
  @GerardZ: 1 times
  @TaiChiDreams: 1 times
  @parallelgalaxy: 1 times
  @lindakristien: 1 times
  @NineTomatoes: 1 times
dbillz mentions:
  @MissJoJo: 1 times
ficklampa mentions:
  @krystynchong: 1 times
  @ccrpinkie: 1 times
  @tombihn: 1 times
  @magnusholmgren: 1 times
  @dcarlbom: 1 times
  @eqlzr: 1 times
  @alexlindsay: 1 times
  @craigeth: 1 times
pamrleader mentions:
  @rocktographer: 1 times
  @GJohnJules: 1 times
  @sorcha69: 1 times
  @jonathanwildman: 1 times
  @reashamoriba: 1 times
  @Hollowbabes: 1 times
  @lovelykatherine: 1 times
  @bubblegumxox: 1 times
crueleuphoria mentions:
  @LightStalking: 1 times
drmolliemarti mentions:
  @launchgum: 1 times
pirlok mentions:
  @AlexDumitru: 1 times
  @lorenbaker: 1 times
  @patrickaltoft: 1 times
  @pirlok: 1 times
katrinakibben mentions:
  @ariegoldshlager: 1 times
  @GrahamHill: 1 times
  @KatrinaKibben: 1 times
  @etaygafni: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @johntodor: 1 times
mike_hts mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tarikawa mentions:
  @GMA: 1 times
  @ChrisCuomos: 1 times
justjake mentions:
  @thegayplaces: 1 times
  @justjake: 1 times
  @pameladetlor: 1 times
  @szwest1: 1 times
  @thelesbianmafia: 1 times
yoitsadrian mentions:
  @brittnicole: 1 times
  @alittlebitweird: 1 times
  @kiddmanroom: 1 times
  @jenny2x: 1 times
  @cmcnair88: 1 times
  @starbucks: 1 times
  @yoitsadrian: 1 times
  @joshgroban: 1 times
  @flattire12: 1 times
_rachellehcar_ mentions:
  @redjumpsuit: 1 times
  @retondo: 1 times
  @sayvandelay: 1 times
  @SierraVE: 1 times
  @TheMaine: 1 times
  @thecab: 1 times
  @TheIanCrawford: 1 times
  @THEREFORTMRW: 1 times
  @tommymercedes: 1 times
  @achangeofpace: 1 times
hannanar mentions:
  @NatCall: 1 times
  @Lynne90: 1 times
  @Pippaaaa: 1 times
  @Foreverfierce: 1 times
  @Rochellewiseman: 1 times
stageddesigns mentions:
  @AliceTChan: 1 times
  @HomeStagingPro: 1 times
  @CatherineGrison: 1 times
coreyranes mentions:
  @VegasWalkinDude: 1 times
richcartlidge mentions:
  @Robertstockham: 1 times
  @greenofficepro: 1 times
  @constructionlaw: 1 times
silverlakejane mentions:
  @Bassnectar: 1 times
  @JBoogieJustin: 1 times
  @ZTrip: 1 times
  @JasonBentley: 1 times
  @DannyMasterson: 1 times
  @PaulOakenfold: 1 times
lostintheforest mentions:
  @lazygiraffe: 1 times
  @cockbongo: 1 times
  @ABIBAN: 1 times
lazaru5 mentions:
  @CAPuk: 1 times
directcast mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @FilmLadd: 1 times
  @FEARnet: 1 times
  @atlantafilmfest: 1 times
  @fangoriamag: 1 times
  @ReviewsGoldmine: 1 times
  @SatansPuppet: 1 times
fresnobiz mentions:
  @tbjfresno: 1 times
  @TravisSheridan: 1 times
  @archop: 1 times
  @SonicFoundation: 1 times
  @marclutz: 1 times
  @gabrieldillard: 1 times
  @thefresnan: 1 times
  @andreacecil: 1 times
infoaboutalaska mentions:
  @FirstBoat: 1 times
  @michiganfishing: 1 times
  @BigBadBoat: 1 times
  @asktheboater: 1 times
  @petermello: 1 times
  @richlazzara: 1 times
  @anchoredinVT: 1 times
1thing4green mentions:
  @JanLemkow: 1 times
  @1Thing4Green: 1 times
  @HeyThatsGourmet: 1 times
ctsinclair mentions:
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @consultdoc: 1 times
klxmedia mentions:
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @consultdoc: 1 times
pallimed mentions:
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @consultdoc: 1 times
sanbay mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
tenacioustee mentions:
  @filthyparty: 1 times
waysidewaifs mentions:
  @SakeOfAnimals: 1 times
  @WiscHumane: 1 times
  @prmros: 1 times
  @DNA2Diamonds: 1 times
  @doggyjo: 1 times
  @PawPrintsMag: 1 times
  @NRGdogproducts: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @a99kitten: 1 times
mcjunkie mentions:
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @solcomhouse: 1 times
  @moonshinesoap: 1 times
  @Xynny: 1 times
  @JulieKBarton: 1 times
  @JeffJimenezLulu: 1 times
  @AoifeTweets: 1 times
  @goldmeg: 1 times
  @maloneb: 1 times
tatirijillo mentions:
  @fersweeet: 1 times
  @Perliux: 1 times
  @xgibran: 1 times
  @daneru: 1 times
  @rodoantoinevich: 1 times
  @tomasnadamas: 1 times
naughtymutt mentions:
  @artylicious: 1 times
  @artnowsandiego: 1 times
  @lameymacdona: 1 times
  @postalguarelas: 1 times
  @typoretum: 1 times
  @christinefarmer: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @artcworld: 1 times
  @ColRFTL: 1 times
puffmclover mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
bucksommerkamp mentions:
  @palm: 1 times
  @PalmGoon: 1 times
  @PalmPreGuru: 1 times
  @chuq: 1 times
  @precentral: 1 times
  @predevcamp: 1 times
  @PreRumors: 1 times
  @JGoldsborough: 1 times
opheliac14 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
ichack mentions:
  @D3iMoS: 2 times
davidswinney mentions:
  @imnotablank: 1 times
chingching16 mentions:
  @chingching16: 1 times
  @DJRoyalT: 1 times
  @THEHOMEYNOLTE: 1 times
  @coolvsratednext: 1 times
  @epidemik: 1 times
  @djsimonsez: 1 times
tidbitbistro mentions:
  @eliosfederico: 1 times
  @VenetianBlond: 1 times
  @TravelwithJulie: 1 times
  @cooklocal: 1 times
  @tootiebee: 1 times
  @DutchessAbroad: 1 times
ultimatelibrarn mentions:
  @seanoduill: 1 times
  @krafty: 1 times
  @eagledawg: 1 times
  @lostonroute66: 1 times
bzsaw mentions:
  @moveinspace: 1 times
mikenally mentions:
  @MartySmithESPN: 1 times
sealbeachdaily mentions:
  @YelpOC: 1 times
imaje mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
sammyclaire mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @krisallen4real: 1 times
  @therealglambert: 1 times
cmscotti mentions:
  @instantregina: 1 times
jamesakersjr mentions:
  @tinafightsfire: 1 times
karenwaldkirch mentions:
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @triveragirl: 1 times
  @juergentalks: 1 times
chicageek mentions:
  @VicenteCampos: 1 times
halyung mentions:
  @Twaitting: 1 times
  @: 1 times
mstrategiesinc mentions:
  @ChurchsChicken: 1 times
  @missskat: 1 times
  @imagirlscount: 1 times
  @qatv: 1 times
  @Bahamabob: 1 times
  @a49erfangirl: 1 times
  @LisaWehr: 1 times
  @rightschamp: 1 times
davidakennedy mentions:
  @7M3: 1 times
  @harbjul: 1 times
  @markmcguinness: 1 times
  @aquenteer: 1 times
  @Mettner: 1 times
metamor4s mentions:
  @VaultedJewels: 1 times
  @cindytrimm: 1 times
  @vashtimckenzie: 1 times
  @AskDrTy: 1 times
  @CeeCeeMichaelam: 1 times
drewkolar mentions:
  @eriknicholson: 1 times
  @materialgirl76: 1 times
  @HopelessHeather: 1 times
  @Cwluc: 1 times
davidrsmith mentions:
  @TW1TTERTRACKER: 1 times
michelledh mentions:
  @scotsboyuk: 1 times
  @michelledh: 1 times
xellif mentions:
  @Phixelle: 1 times
  @beautifulloser: 1 times
  @nefmex: 1 times
  @d3andegoself: 1 times
  @AstralInsomnia: 1 times
kiwitravwriter mentions:
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @JeromeShaw: 1 times
daveriich mentions:
  @BeyonceBoi: 1 times
  @JEVONISHERE: 1 times
  @loganxhardcore: 1 times
  @DaveRiich: 1 times
  @beyoncerockzz: 1 times
  @JaNieceMichon: 1 times
  @atrevore: 1 times
  @Amir7: 1 times
  @Aalleyne: 1 times
ageekspot mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @Quinones: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
  @WildEarth: 1 times
  @Fragum: 1 times
  @thebrassbunny: 1 times
_dralaterdzo mentions:
  @askangels: 1 times
  @naturespirits: 1 times
  @cathrinefeehly: 1 times
  @rodmacbeth: 1 times
  @momlogic: 1 times
mamashell mentions:
  @myelinproject: 1 times
  @otoole4infoltA: 1 times
lydiarse mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
melodieoffbeat mentions:
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @MELODIEOFFBEAT: 1 times
  @catwalkcreative: 1 times
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @cArtPhotography: 1 times
  @patsymoore: 1 times
dennisrijnbeek mentions:
  @fedorhes: 1 times
  @robertyallop: 1 times
  @tomvangeneugden: 1 times
fatbottomedgrl mentions:
  @Dyin2leaveFla: 1 times
  @fatbottomedgrl: 1 times
  @nuttynewswire: 1 times
  @dyin2leavefla: 1 times
  @fatbottomgirl: 1 times
urbanbydesign mentions:
  @TeriTynes: 1 times
  @TCP: 1 times
  @mhribar: 1 times
  @QueensMuseum: 1 times
  @TheBrooklynBeat: 1 times
  @dpmaffei: 1 times
  @phi162: 1 times
blacknerd mentions:
  @Gman2012: 1 times
  @AluraStar: 1 times
  @aracelix3: 1 times
  @Slasher: 1 times
nom1218 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
taximike mentions:
  @rmulle: 1 times
  @mrken777: 1 times
  @marywilhite: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @bibletxt: 1 times
  @faithgoddess: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @josephranseth: 1 times
  @lovetheme: 1 times
  @agoodeye: 1 times
markmorden mentions:
  @Terrillific: 1 times
  @veryshortstory: 1 times
chase_reeves mentions:
  @thisaac: 1 times
firstlisting mentions:
  @jimsuccessful: 1 times
  @johnnieO: 1 times
  @CaliKid7782: 1 times
  @FirstListing: 1 times
  @sucsessthinkers: 1 times
  @lizacosta: 1 times
  @OmarBurgos: 1 times
josie_barnes mentions:
  @snedwan@ktoint83: 1 times
rovermom mentions:
  @iconicfreedom: 1 times
  @gregadams: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @mdgwiz: 1 times
  @rovermom: 1 times
  @texasboatrocker: 1 times
bblane mentions:
  @sidewalkangels: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
dickhollywood mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @rrwilsonart: 1 times
tayspoon mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
kiddfuture mentions:
  @emiliosparks: 1 times
  @dominique622: 1 times
  @DJBonnieDanger: 1 times
  @EvanBrockett: 1 times
  @CallenderThinks: 1 times
  @mikecash123: 1 times
  @cloudkickers: 1 times
  @Jb3Music: 1 times
  @swintonrocks: 1 times
mrrickrude mentions:
  @mscrissy: 1 times
allthingsconnor mentions:
  @kittynsexyinvan: 1 times
ranilectric mentions:
  @PepeLeches: 1 times
bettyflies mentions:
  @LunaJay: 1 times
  @amous: 1 times
  @giographix: 1 times
  @PhilHarrison: 1 times
  @WayOfMonkeyFist: 1 times
  @frogsinapot: 1 times
  @pythons: 1 times
  @bettyflies: 1 times
  @pixeljockey: 1 times
  @0lli: 1 times
  @iAshim: 1 times
meltay06 mentions:
  @BestAt: 1 times
skittlesovermms mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
chrisboutet mentions:
  @VegasWalkinDude: 1 times
  @chrisboutet: 1 times
candydiaz mentions:
  @oddmanout75: 1 times
  @anuheajams: 1 times
  @candydiaz: 1 times
  @bkGirlFriday: 1 times
  @shaggylive: 1 times
  @branapeles: 1 times
  @DJSMOOK: 1 times
  @CTRaider: 1 times
  @Kamanu: 1 times
  @sonecessary: 1 times
boothism mentions:
  @andGOGH: 1 times
  @saintpaul: 1 times
  @muataadebamge: 1 times
  @simplylaced: 1 times
  @kiddscooby: 1 times
  @jaythegreat: 1 times
  @blacksolutions: 1 times
  @NiggasNoMore: 1 times
  @theHomunculus: 1 times
losangelesdj mentions:
  @oxymoronicx3: 1 times
  @losangelesdj: 1 times
  @MichaelMillman: 1 times
  @playfulgenius: 1 times
  @reply: 1 times
sharpeshots mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 2 times
sidelinespirit mentions:
theginriots mentions:
  @hideoutchicago: 1 times
  @TheGinRiots: 1 times
  @okrchicago: 1 times
  @metrochicago: 1 times
  @FearlessRadio: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @podcasttweets: 1 times
  @pastemagazine: 1 times
  @mutereco: 1 times
carascrapnstamp mentions:
  @seedlingstweets: 1 times
  @michele24etsy: 1 times
  @paperflowershop: 1 times
  @nuthatchgirl: 1 times
  @diecutsrus: 1 times
  @saucybirdshop: 1 times
rampagefnx mentions:
  @NiNisDaShit: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @SupremeKnight: 1 times
drewhood mentions:
  @smooth132: 1 times
  @hodgemanx13x: 1 times
  @darrinbodner: 1 times
  @alex: 1 times
  @chazdrums: 1 times
  @fr3dly: 1 times
  @wolfidy: 1 times
  @yemj: 1 times
  @Titike: 1 times
  @stevenblue: 1 times
  @nonlinear: 1 times
hippydi mentions:
  @takkie13: 1 times
  @NicolaGeorge: 1 times
  @YellowLlama: 1 times
  @kambabe: 1 times
  @lefkie4: 1 times
  @CapeTown: 1 times
  @TendaiJoe: 1 times
  @TrailofHope2009: 1 times
someonelikepame mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
journeypod mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @TheCharmedLife: 1 times
  @BlueyedMuse: 1 times
  @greekfood: 1 times
  @luxualboutique: 1 times
  @traveldudes: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @andygeog: 1 times
txprincess31 mentions:
  @ironbrandon: 1 times
meganomcb mentions:
  @peterfacinellifollowfriday: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
gordon_martin mentions:
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @PoToi: 1 times
  @ajswillis: 1 times
  @MHickinbotham: 1 times
  @sammutimer: 1 times
  @AliMarboushi: 1 times
  @gustodian: 1 times
  @hollingsworth: 1 times
  @f: 1 times
14thcentury mentions:
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @xANAXx: 1 times
  @MissSididdy: 1 times
  @lohigh420: 1 times
  @markolivas: 1 times
  @TwittsMcGee: 1 times
  @sparkreport: 1 times
  @14thCentury: 1 times
john_cussons mentions:
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @MaheshKukreja: 1 times
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @TheSpotter: 1 times
  @EugeneCheung: 1 times
  @JohnCussons: 1 times
  @EarlNetwal: 1 times
  @jasonanderson: 1 times
vahnee mentions:
  @imaje: 1 times
  @NinaMW: 1 times
johngaltknows mentions:
  @dumbassity: 1 times
  @FreezeDriedNews: 1 times
  @DAREvolutionary: 1 times
  @MLAS: 1 times
perfectus mentions:
  @VladtheImpala: 1 times
  @perfectus: 2 times
mneylon mentions:
  @dotRadio: 1 times
  @nyctld: 1 times
  @pointbzh: 1 times
  @dotberlin: 1 times
  @dotGayTLD: 1 times
  @dotReal: 1 times
  @DotIndigi: 1 times
  @dotsport: 1 times
  @DotGreenTLD: 1 times
  @musicextension: 1 times
chickieleighc mentions:
  @ahockley: 1 times
  @micah: 1 times
jordanraynor mentions:
  @willington: 1 times
  @rebuildtheparty: 1 times
  @lyndsim: 1 times
  @poho: 1 times
  @mitchellgop: 1 times
  @chriscturner: 1 times
  @newton2010: 1 times
raquelcrato mentions:
  @MeOutrasMerdas: 1 times
shabooty mentions:
  @RT: 1 times
  @sohood: 1 times
  @PrimeObjective: 1 times
  @shabooty: 1 times
  @itsriggs513: 1 times
  @GermW: 1 times
  @fuzeb: 1 times
  @DocKingSwagg: 1 times
  @EdLegend: 1 times
  @AlanFuckinJones: 1 times
  @scbound: 1 times
81bronco mentions:
  @wilshipley: 1 times
starvingbroker mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @CEOTransformer: 1 times
  @solarfeeds: 1 times
  @dinasoker: 1 times
  @TomZegan: 1 times
  @starvingbroker: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @cool: 1 times
mjjhurta mentions:
  @karltm: 1 times
  @mattglazer: 1 times
  @davidmauro: 1 times
  @MJJHurta: 1 times
  @PhillipMartin: 1 times
rachelsklar mentions:
  @eliewieselfdn: 1 times
curtjohnson mentions:
  @TheNAACP: 1 times
scottgiorgini mentions:
  @KathyStover: 1 times
  @GusShultz: 1 times
  @Pennant: 1 times
gayrainarmy mentions:
  @AMERICAblog: 1 times
  @NtlEqMarch: 1 times
ritetitendalite mentions:
  @samantharonson: 1 times
  @JudahWorldChamp: 1 times
  @nicolerichie: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @Paullebars: 1 times
socialshark mentions:
  @saramacleod: 1 times
  @pmharper: 1 times
  @mackenziedan: 1 times
  @socialshark: 1 times
  @danohlerking: 1 times
  @christopherbmac: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
buttercup640 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 2 times
sprckt mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
mrsselfstorage mentions:
myria101 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
ixtlan mentions:
  @minciusodas: 1 times
derrich mentions:
  @jennifersterger: 1 times
jockmac mentions:
  @JasonShand: 1 times
writepudding mentions:
  @edibleLA: 1 times
  @HollyWest: 1 times
  @ridgeley: 1 times
  @Kendragarden: 1 times
  @lizohanesian: 1 times
  @fatallyyours: 1 times
  @foodwoolf: 1 times
nicolaherbert mentions:
  @StevieWynn: 1 times
  @robgreen78: 1 times
  @totalgunner: 1 times
  @idmoore: 1 times
  @elland666: 1 times
  @WH1SKS: 1 times
  @KingsOfLeonGrl: 1 times
  @darkerartic: 1 times
aochiro mentions:
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @JustCal: 1 times
  @TheOriginal: 1 times
  @SanAntonio: 1 times
  @bharshe: 1 times
  @NikkiHarmoni: 1 times
  @bicoastalite: 1 times
inkyhands mentions:
  @paulsteele: 1 times
warrenellis mentions:
  @pulphope: 1 times
  @trixiebedlam: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @JohnPerryBarlow: 1 times
callicoop mentions:
  @RexHuppke: 1 times
  @TonyLetts: 1 times
  @bsandusky: 1 times
  @JChurchill: 1 times
bdivine mentions:
  @jdivine: 1 times
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @dmosley: 1 times
  @gabrielsmith: 1 times
janewmeade mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
abokevin mentions:
  @goeranraaland: 1 times
  @benrune: 1 times
  @MartinBekkelund: 1 times
  @BjornKenneth: 1 times
  @marcusramberg: 1 times
  @VGanders: 1 times
  @lunken: 1 times
  @AWieseDagbladet: 1 times
maverickny mentions:
  @TheJimmyFund: 1 times
  @thejimmyfund: 1 times
kohlerondesign mentions:
  @HomeSavvi: 1 times
awapy mentions:
jrfarrar mentions:
  @hnphoto: 1 times
allisonnazarian mentions:
  @gopalo: 1 times
  @modulista: 1 times
  @Lapp: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @modulist: 1 times
clarewhite mentions:
  @podnosh: 1 times
  @mattbuckhack: 1 times
  @alexhughes: 1 times
cmckie mentions:
  @AmyDBrooks: 1 times
  @cmckie: 1 times
  @trishagary: 1 times
  @jenniferheth: 1 times
  @jph96amh: 1 times
syreetashanee mentions:
  @makellbird: 1 times
  @ASHLYJDADIME: 1 times
  @animesnob: 1 times
  @kovealle: 1 times
  @MoD: 1 times
  @AJSupreme: 1 times
  @SyreetaShanee: 1 times
lizandlisa mentions:
  @StillLisa: 1 times
  @danawilson: 1 times
  @chicklitgurrl: 1 times
  @yummymammy: 1 times
  @aromathyme: 1 times
  @LizandLisa: 1 times
  @MissExpatria: 1 times
bryantparkhotel mentions:
  @EliteTravelGal: 1 times
dangermaus mentions:
  @dogeatdoug: 1 times
lionsclubsorg mentions:
  @missyIbee: 1 times
  @ThreeTen: 1 times
  @teamcure: 1 times
  @ThomasCastillo: 1 times
mariael311 mentions:
  @311: 1 times
  @BordersMedia: 1 times
  @DCConcerts: 1 times
  @twtfm: 1 times
frankramblings mentions:
  @MK2Fac3: 1 times
  @Poddingtonpease: 1 times
  @Mosedogg: 1 times
  @hjkuzcotopia: 1 times
  @Pandabeara: 1 times
  @flyboypatrick: 1 times
  @cinebo: 1 times
hotel_max mentions:
  @AAAWashington: 1 times
  @Seattlemag: 1 times
kusasi mentions:
  @orangutans: 2 times
  @redapes: 1 times
  @savetheorang: 1 times
lexdafunk mentions:
  @DJLORi: 1 times
  @djtrend: 1 times
  @djvictorsalazar: 1 times
  @99riches: 1 times
  @djcolette: 1 times
  @lexdafunk: 1 times
  @djtracyyoung: 1 times
  @kurtisblow1: 1 times
  @mixinmarc: 1 times
rosenfie mentions:
  @stephspiro: 1 times
arleen14 mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @fulcan: 1 times
  @colleenlindsay: 1 times
  @pipwerks: 1 times
intriguingds mentions:
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @holymully: 1 times
  @JeanneBehr: 1 times
  @mossinterest: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @RobCairns: 1 times
jasonspeaking mentions:
  @hashweb: 1 times
augnbudsmom mentions:
  @KevinZraly: 1 times
thescicoach mentions:
  @debbiemahler: 1 times
mmechevrolet mentions:
  @dynamoe: 1 times
  @NotNeilCasey: 1 times
harrisuz mentions:
amandala mentions:
  @khubbard: 1 times
  @largemouthpr: 1 times
mitchpberg mentions:
  @TimothyBurke: 1 times
  @PoliticalMuse: 1 times
  @dustytrice: 1 times
  @christruscott: 1 times
  @bloisolson: 1 times
  @PoliticsMN: 1 times
daynaten mentions:
  @Parature: 1 times
  @LiveLight: 1 times
  @JHenning: 1 times
  @drnatalie: 1 times
  @jmp48: 1 times
  @salestrakr: 1 times
flooringseoguru mentions:
  @zaifmand: 1 times
  @QualityScore: 1 times
  @Avinio: 1 times
  @straightalk: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @SEOi: 1 times
  @AussieSEO: 1 times
  @MarketLikeAChik: 1 times
  @twitadelic: 1 times
  @seoexpertbd: 1 times
jjnextgentv mentions:
  @JoLoPe: 1 times
  @ArtByNemo: 1 times
  @MariKurisato: 1 times
  @Mistygirlph: 1 times
jenvargas mentions:
  @TheVanguard: 1 times
spikeyleo mentions:
  @ALPoochino: 1 times
  @officialpeta: 1 times
kbrtradio mentions:
  @anjdaggett: 1 times
deployedteacher mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
sallymak26 mentions:
  @RedBox: 13 times
ramezm mentions:
  @Geeee: 1 times
  @sadekhm: 1 times
farmsteadlady mentions:
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @soladaritee: 1 times
  @Farmsteadlady: 1 times
  @jpisanchik: 1 times
microblogginmom mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mrs_dougpreston mentions:
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @mrsdougpreston: 1 times
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @TexasRealist: 1 times
  @Gonendunit: 1 times
  @RonaldWilsher: 1 times
dianemariie mentions:
  @BeaMarie: 2 times
  @thisisTxF: 1 times
  @dianemariie: 1 times
  @theemp: 1 times
  @BIGTONE: 1 times
  @JhonNoventa: 1 times
  @FLJeanpfeiffer: 1 times
  @LadyMillz: 1 times
jcobler mentions:
  @einmaleins: 1 times
  @everydayolympia: 1 times
sla2009 mentions:
  @susanfifercanby: 1 times
zacharycohen mentions:
  @RenaissGourmet: 1 times
robsacks mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
knowthinkact mentions:
  @nicky777: 1 times
jorge_velasquez mentions:
  @blogven: 1 times
jplovesmem mentions:
  @kimjayeveryday: 1 times
  @photographymom: 1 times
  @kimzay: 1 times
  @jplovesmem: 1 times
  @danagillbro: 1 times
nelson83 mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
pediatricians mentions:
  @HeartTransplant: 1 times
  @earthsphere: 1 times
  @WebbyAwards: 1 times
  @DoNascimento: 1 times
  @Pediatricians: 1 times
fashionista8 mentions:
  @edingston: 1 times
  @fashionista8: 1 times
  @Sabina4ka: 1 times
  @kj074: 1 times
  @mitsutsuchiya: 1 times
  @JimmyTEdwards: 1 times
  @Raddyy: 1 times
  @mischeriedior: 1 times
  @JeromeLaMaar: 1 times
mdsarch mentions:
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
  @alexkaris: 1 times
  @MitchM: 1 times
  @momsherbs: 1 times
  @pamperry: 1 times
  @MDSArch: 1 times
  @SmBizGuru: 1 times
tinajenny mentions:
rvflores mentions:
  @PhilPacker: 1 times
  @chrislhayes: 1 times
  @pourmecoffee: 1 times
  @Itayhod: 1 times
  @DuaneTragis: 1 times
  @RichieMonkey: 1 times
  @jaybrannan: 1 times
  @ericwhitacre: 1 times
  @bflay: 1 times
  @PaulRieckhoff: 1 times
stormbrew mentions:
  @morgoid: 1 times
  @slepp: 1 times
  @nexcastellan: 1 times
  @robdavy: 1 times
chucklasker mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @ValerieStevens: 1 times
  @soapboxleslie: 1 times
  @LindaEskin: 1 times
therexcenter mentions:
  @pitbullfan76: 1 times
thegourmetgirl mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @remarkabletweet: 1 times
  @mycellar: 1 times
  @sweetsfoods: 1 times
  @mustlovewine: 1 times
  @ohnuts: 1 times
  @veggiechefmayra: 1 times
  @kirshnade: 1 times
  @kevinminott: 1 times
  @woywegian: 1 times
elheydt mentions:
  @augustbenefits: 1 times
  @stonybrookvillg: 1 times
  @hjmt: 1 times
media140 mentions:
  @frontlineclub: 1 times
  @briancondon: 1 times
  @deejackson: 1 times
  @theplayethic: 1 times
  @danpatterson: 1 times
  @hyfreelance: 1 times
  @fieldreports: 1 times
gatornbronco mentions:
  @VanessaRousso: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
analoguepilot mentions:
  @loupage: 1 times
  @sweetwatersound: 1 times
katyinindy mentions:
  @creepingsharia: 1 times
silversmyth mentions:
  @inklesstales: 1 times
lynz_ann mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
spikezezel mentions:
  @glaad: 1 times
  @MsBrooks2U: 1 times
  @eoshipper4ever: 1 times
  @FINALLEVEL: 1 times
  @ArtOfDying: 1 times
  @IrshadManji: 1 times
  @1045CHUMFM: 1 times
  @jenkfoster: 1 times
  @Lesrw: 1 times
  @NOH8Campaign: 1 times
fuckasaurus mentions:
  @ThatGirlJenn: 1 times
  @fuckasaurus: 1 times
kyndrad mentions:
  @soxanddawgs: 2 times
  @bostonredsox: 1 times
  @globesox: 1 times
  @redsoxtweets: 1 times
  @redsoxnow: 1 times
hurtfamily mentions:
  @sidewalkangels: 1 times
sarahhorvat mentions:
  @sueannesjewelry: 1 times
  @SarahHorvat: 1 times
simpsonjulian mentions:
  @fluffysucks: 1 times
  @TheBluesBlogger: 1 times
  @simpsonjulian: 1 times
  @lightsweetcrude: 1 times
jake_ruse mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
friendsgapark mentions:
  @natureorg: 1 times
  @sierramagazine: 1 times
  @parkmaverick: 1 times
  @LWHfriends: 1 times
necol66 mentions:
  @LostMarilyn: 1 times
capitaln mentions:
hopelessheather mentions:
  @hacool: 1 times
  @HopelessHeather: 1 times
habeeh mentions:
  @gerhemi: 1 times
  @Habeeh: 1 times
jbchristol mentions:
  @tlcfans: 1 times
  @danbuckley: 1 times
annettecolby mentions:
  @undasea: 1 times
  @procopy: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @studentoflife: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @bethlapides: 1 times
  @MonalizaAmid: 1 times
  @philosophytruth: 1 times
askpatty mentions:
  @Miniology: 1 times
  @ebelow: 1 times
  @fittorrent: 1 times
  @sillysushi: 1 times
  @sukhjit: 1 times
  @michaelking4023: 1 times
  @PatDengler: 1 times
  @ATasteForTea: 1 times
  @hrider: 1 times
  @jasonhockey: 1 times
jeffbentley mentions:
  @johnpapa: 1 times
  @theconstantines: 1 times
trevorpittman mentions:
  @stevenpage: 1 times
  @artoftime: 1 times
jedi1123 mentions:
  @KandyChazer: 1 times
  @TheRCullen: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
pnutbuttersmack mentions:
  @RachieRach3: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @racheljean1: 1 times
bridalbasics mentions:
  @laurabruen: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @PeopleHorsePet: 1 times
  @smitty72: 1 times
lolasims mentions:
  @mizrik: 1 times
  @MissODemi: 1 times
  @erinbarna: 1 times
  @TaiSaintBoogie: 1 times
  @tanijoy: 1 times
  @StarLITpr: 1 times
shontelsherrea mentions:
  @Joan64: 1 times
  @yesitsNEIL: 1 times
  @Kaymarc1: 1 times
  @crowjane: 1 times
  @briangreene: 1 times
  @TRoss415: 1 times
  @ShontelSherrea: 1 times
encompass360 mentions:
  @jerrbone: 1 times
  @encompass360: 1 times
scheidel mentions:
  @Zacharycohen: 1 times
realcook mentions:
  @amyscottgrant: 1 times
  @TonyRush: 1 times
  @aegrant00: 1 times
sunflowerboutiq mentions:
  @DougCurran: 1 times
  @artfanatic411: 1 times
  @dianej: 1 times
  @Eclecticdealer: 1 times
  @bookbrowzers: 1 times
  @mokistreasures: 1 times
  @PaulaJeans: 1 times
  @virgo914: 1 times
  @anteek: 1 times
antpeople mentions:
  @BettyBitch: 1 times
  @HokusBloke: 1 times
  @emmalificent: 1 times
annarouth mentions:
  @workinggirlone: 1 times
psuedonymph mentions:
  @redknifelottery: 2 times
dawnshumate mentions:
  @croncast: 1 times
  @dawnshumate: 1 times
whatswhat_sian mentions:
  @EmeraldDiscount: 1 times
  @salspizza: 1 times
freepursuits mentions:
  @jeremylattimore: 1 times
  @FreePursuits: 1 times
octavianasrcnn mentions:
  @AlexanderChow: 1 times
  @octavianasrCNN: 1 times
deandrea mentions:
  @venessia: 1 times
  @loveandlabels: 1 times
  @chaos2137: 1 times
  @deandrea: 1 times
  @slwyms: 1 times
  @powerwriter: 1 times
  @powerdrive: 1 times
  @datfiyaboricua: 1 times
girlsascha mentions:
mbelico mentions:
  @cmscotti: 1 times
  @instantregina: 1 times
kemmuhammad mentions:
  @KG357: 1 times
mdavis_ mentions:
  @iTzMiCa: 1 times
  @lvblog: 1 times
  @mdavis: 1 times
  @HoseNHeels: 1 times
dkim2121 mentions:
  @kathansen: 1 times
alour mentions:
  @FoxyOxymoron: 1 times
  @kuyaz: 1 times
  @superfro432: 1 times
  @FlyersRule: 1 times
  @mattfever: 1 times
  @everythingpitt: 1 times
  @metricjulie: 1 times
  @kinneret: 1 times
oceanhealth mentions:
  @therightblue: 1 times
a1m2b3 mentions:
  @alexmaxbir: 1 times
nikkipaints mentions:
  @HoroscopeAdvice: 1 times
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @EmbraceOnlyLove: 1 times
radioproducer1 mentions:
  @LdyDisney: 1 times
  @BrookeReviews: 1 times
michaelrusch mentions:
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @andymilder: 1 times
  @roberthoffman: 1 times
  @Sukiyeagley: 1 times
danibabb mentions:
  @phonemanA: 2 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @chrisblake: 1 times
  @pir8gold: 1 times
  @cravenheart: 1 times
thebitchinwife mentions:
  @themomjen: 1 times
  @ciaraj13: 1 times
  @mariahdawn: 1 times
  @theBitchinWife: 1 times
  @marthatweets: 1 times
  @angievinez: 1 times
  @barefootfoodie: 1 times
realmadridtalk mentions:
  @ibsoccer: 1 times
  @rustywatkins: 1 times
  @asdavis10: 1 times
  @iamhannah: 1 times
  @LeMarianne: 1 times
  @realmadridrock: 1 times
  @oleolefootball: 1 times
  @soccerlens: 1 times
billionaire5 mentions:
  @LauraKennedy: 1 times
  @KingDobson: 1 times
  @SassyStilettos: 1 times
  @Merlin333: 1 times
  @CinnInSoCal: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @JimKondo: 1 times
nerostarmoon mentions:
  @EyeTves: 1 times
bal_orioles mentions:
  @zackpund: 1 times
  @BirdlandInsider: 1 times
matthew951 mentions:
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
mamorico mentions:
  @TreeHugger: 1 times
  @HuffPostGreen: 1 times
bswafford mentions:
  @twitterparents: 1 times
  @debopks: 1 times
  @GrowMap: 1 times
  @kev125: 1 times
  @serenejourney: 1 times
  @migueldeluis: 1 times
hillarycpa mentions:
  @softecorg: 1 times
socialistsqurrl mentions:
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @goodnewscapital: 1 times
  @im2byteme: 1 times
  @Alrady40: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @Christiegarcia: 1 times
  @techfeeddaily: 1 times
tashalking mentions:
  @RealUnclePauly: 1 times
sam_gilbey mentions:
kingkevin714 mentions:
  @officialTila: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @selenagomez: 1 times
  @taylorswift13: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
  @TheRealJordin: 1 times
  @mileycyrus: 1 times
  @CosgroveMiranda: 1 times
alanakarran mentions:
  @hypersailor: 1 times
  @dwinter: 1 times
  @RichardDerwentC: 1 times
  @solixir: 1 times
  @rWilliamr: 1 times
  @thirstymooseweb: 1 times
marlamarkman mentions:
  @alizasherman: 1 times
  @grammargirl: 1 times
dbaby313 mentions:
  @celebassistant: 1 times
  @DBaby313: 1 times
  @JakeJacobsVI: 1 times
  @ShomariW: 1 times
  @justant1: 1 times
  @dbaby313: 1 times
  @rahhburt: 1 times
  @nikia86: 1 times
  @makeupmanmae: 1 times
  @j: 1 times
dj_royal_t mentions:
  @christopherbw: 1 times
  @DJRoyalT: 1 times
cupcakethecat mentions:
  @yourvegas: 1 times
joshuaamos mentions:
suzieleigh mentions:
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @sidewalkangels: 1 times
ronamac mentions:
  @Graticle: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 2 times
  @tahoeblu: 1 times
  @MelodyFlorida: 1 times
  @ronamac: 1 times
  @InezBracy: 1 times
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @Tahoebluabout: 1 times
cdashiell mentions:
  @marusoze: 1 times
jbmartins mentions:
southjerzeygirl mentions:
  @hjphoto: 1 times
  @MrsMoNJ: 1 times
  @RobMorrisEsq: 1 times
  @kimschmidtphotography: 1 times
  @princetonscoop: 1 times
  @ElizabethN: 1 times
  @NJNews: 1 times
  @princetontour: 1 times
amymarie1001 mentions:
  @madbradsmith: 1 times
kinganyi mentions:
  @BlackLiq: 1 times
  @trew804: 1 times
  @WhoButStretch: 1 times
  @HalfassBackward: 1 times
  @AsiatikMami: 1 times
  @CHICANGEORGE: 1 times
  @starrahlicious: 1 times
  @DankThomas: 1 times
gdeus mentions:
  @1stnoelle: 1 times
  @pawprincess: 1 times
  @MissMeghan88: 1 times
  @mileena10: 1 times
  @danielledenise: 1 times
  @LirisC: 1 times
  @fabiolamaria: 1 times
  @redz2580: 1 times
welikeitraw mentions:
  @WebTrafficROI: 1 times
  @MalachiKelly: 1 times
  @JorgeBessaDears: 1 times
  @FollowRellWalk: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @TinaMSays: 1 times
  @RawEpicurean: 1 times
mightycasey mentions:
  @wackophoto: 1 times
tmeller mentions:
  @marifomin: 1 times
  @billieblade: 1 times
  @proveisso: 1 times
  @joezito: 1 times
  @GabiGarbe: 1 times
  @dedsdeds: 1 times
  @brabul: 1 times
darylcognito mentions:
  @prairiehippo: 1 times
skinner mentions:
  @TheNanny612: 1 times
  @seosmarty: 1 times
  @kandi111777: 1 times
  @katemorris: 1 times
  @rebeccakelley: 1 times
  @DazzlinDonna: 1 times
  @SexySEO: 1 times
  @SEOAly: 1 times
jenthermes mentions:
  @christinemv: 1 times
  @CherFineArt: 1 times
  @postalguarelas: 1 times
  @BonnieAdamson: 1 times
  @lameymacdonald: 1 times
angiegriffin mentions:
  @talkingbeans: 1 times
  @AngieGriffin: 1 times
  @sarahhuska: 1 times
kellygalvin mentions:
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
guvene mentions:
  @samuels: 1 times
  @GuvenE: 1 times
  @michielb: 1 times
  @manderfeld: 1 times
greekandblack mentions:
  @greekfood: 1 times
  @danielecarrol: 1 times
  @thehiddenchef: 1 times
  @LizPata: 1 times
  @LunaCafe: 1 times
  @Jeffersonstable: 1 times
  @journeyPod: 1 times
  @chefashbabe: 1 times
  @GlorifiedGofers: 1 times
propolisbr mentions:
  @guadalupe: 1 times
manlysrepublic mentions:
  @JCinQC: 1 times
  @LadyLiberty: 1 times
  @PatriotGams123: 1 times
uponananthill mentions:
  @TreeHugger: 1 times
  @HuffPostGreen: 1 times
guidingstars mentions:
  @DennisNBailey: 1 times
  @lbelisle: 1 times
juniorbarbosa89 mentions:
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
  @BrunoSwell: 1 times
  @relavigne: 1 times
  @andycyeah: 1 times
  @bancodefollower: 1 times
  @JuniorBarbosa89: 1 times
  @perolaflor: 1 times
  @dreammandy: 1 times
  @ceresmencari: 1 times
mikesica mentions:
  @nolageek: 1 times
  @rvamike: 1 times
  @legalmoose: 1 times
  @wxdan: 1 times
journalistjeff mentions:
  @theRoundhouse: 1 times
twilightfiend mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
misshannahshae mentions:
  @UniiqueChiq: 1 times
  @misshannahshae: 1 times
  @Jahiwitness: 1 times
  @TheyHadSaid: 1 times
  @Midficial: 1 times
  @1065thebeat: 1 times
  @bignat804: 1 times
  @SalioElSol08: 1 times
  @8plus9: 1 times
sasefina mentions:
  @shamashamashama: 1 times
missmeghan88 mentions:
  @GDeus: 1 times
  @1stnoelle: 1 times
  @pawprincess: 1 times
  @MissMeghan88: 1 times
  @mileena10: 1 times
  @danielledenise: 1 times
  @LirisC: 1 times
  @fabiolamaria: 1 times
mghiemstra mentions:
  @sweeteepie: 1 times
  @robotsdotnet: 1 times
  @makekw: 1 times
writerchaz mentions:
  @pensblogtweet: 1 times
  @pensblog: 1 times
  @pensexperience: 1 times
  @TweetNHL: 1 times
2fiercemelo mentions:
  @jaderface: 1 times
  @1ele: 1 times
  @prrose2001: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
  @unclerush: 1 times
  @thesinglegirl: 1 times
  @fengsuitips4u: 1 times
  @bettyscolumbus: 1 times
haagsuitburo mentions:
  @leonieke: 1 times
thevinster mentions:
  @theMaraJade: 1 times
  @swfacts: 1 times
  @obiwankenobi: 1 times
  @StarWarsJokes: 1 times
barkaboutit mentions:
  @money4tweets: 1 times
  @fidosfriend: 1 times
  @GoodDogLouie: 1 times
clintonbooks mentions:
  @kbktea: 1 times
  @clintonbooks: 1 times
  @chananb: 1 times
  @dc00k: 1 times
  @clintonnj: 1 times
  @freerangekids: 1 times
  @greenlivingidea: 1 times
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @pubtalk: 1 times
seo_joe mentions:
  @tjsitback: 1 times
  @tpr2: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
ihuntmidgets mentions:
  @AbusiveBear: 1 times
iloveloa mentions:
  @iloveloa: 1 times
heathdodgen mentions:
  @SSeeleyNC10: 1 times
aljms mentions:
essex_courier mentions:
  @MaverickNY: 1 times
  @TheJimmyFund: 1 times
wirelezz mentions:
  @lgalarra: 1 times
  @jaom7: 1 times
storyseeker mentions:
  @JoanneRK: 1 times
maroza mentions:
  @s3frik: 1 times
  @lalcaraz: 1 times
grizdakillr mentions:
  @SonyPlayStation: 1 times
jennifervides mentions:
  @davidmoyle: 1 times
dubstepper mentions:
  @miamidubstep: 1 times
  @jaestylus: 1 times
  @jayvonbeatz: 1 times
  @rhfactor: 1 times
  @ambeezy: 1 times
  @12thplanet: 1 times
  @mcnicnice: 1 times
  @whiskeypete: 1 times
  @TADT: 1 times
  @tealong: 1 times
  @dannyunited: 1 times
cellecast mentions:
zrecsmom mentions:
  @mommyjar: 1 times
  @greenandhealthy: 1 times
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @ChildrenParties: 1 times
  @thesmartmama: 1 times
  @BrightNBold: 1 times
geekyclean mentions:
  @chefashbabe: 1 times
  @GeekyClean: 1 times
dougggie mentions:
  @neilperryman: 1 times
shoalsarea mentions:
  @CoreyOConnor: 1 times
  @2DoInTheShoals: 1 times
charmainerocks mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
sarayelich mentions:
  @adamherrera: 1 times
  @maryrachbailey: 1 times
  @purdueadmissions: 1 times
  @redsoxofficial: 1 times
  @davidortiz: 1 times
  @jacobymellsbury: 1 times
dputamadre mentions:
jean_o mentions:
  @Nextvoice247great: 1 times
  @kodaus: 1 times
nanceebee mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
markramsey mentions:
  @pigskin: 1 times
  @pigskinlive: 1 times
  @pigskin411: 1 times
  @hypeanvil: 1 times
  @tastylogic: 1 times
  @hairsystems: 1 times
sarinninja mentions:
  @chinacat: 1 times
  @MiSsY: 1 times
  @ginalu84: 1 times
  @tirb: 1 times
fabi_k mentions:
  @scottdouglas: 1 times
  @librarymistress: 1 times
spangila mentions:
  @LucasBlack: 1 times
  @Spangila: 1 times
cissypeoples mentions:
  @coolbbthemes: 1 times
  @pinkmotown: 1 times
  @chynagyrl1980: 1 times
  @chocthai619: 1 times
  @sexyeyes256: 1 times
  @sunshineberry19: 1 times
  @pinkberrygirl: 1 times
  @osunae: 1 times
erockradio mentions:
  @ronreddog: 1 times
  @madammeow: 1 times
  @estinka: 1 times
  @edwardstedman: 1 times
  @danicmepressive: 1 times
  @theliquidkids: 1 times
  @jimandthem: 1 times
  @heatherheight: 1 times
  @geekstuffog: 1 times
waspp mentions:
  @AmericanYard: 2 times
  @AlanDavidson: 1 times
  @MarlaDurden: 1 times
  @Jewelbeams: 1 times
  @cosmicblend: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @stefanitwyford: 1 times
  @s: 1 times
ezowens mentions:
  @LunaCafe: 1 times
  @ergagit: 1 times
  @estoni: 1 times
  @famfriendsfood: 1 times
  @feblub: 1 times
  @felicelam: 1 times
  @Flavorbank: 1 times
  @Food2: 1 times
  @TLGame: 1 times
rai7rai mentions:
  @KathyWithaK: 1 times
  @imakereality: 1 times
  @Rai7Rai: 1 times
  @marcorbito: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @docrock: 1 times
  @kerridanrocks: 1 times
deanamartina mentions:
  @MelanaOnThePath: 2 times
  @BritBoy: 1 times
  @AYellowHouse: 1 times
  @DeanaMartina: 1 times
  @PYNTK: 1 times
  @alisonlodge: 1 times
  @lidian: 1 times
  @mjgolch: 1 times
prcarrs mentions:
  @kmatthews: 1 times
diamondzr4ever mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @justthierry: 1 times
  @JuCarvalhoo: 1 times
  @MichaelDinoff: 1 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @DorisJeanette: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
zhayhurst mentions:
  @thomasrhodes: 1 times
  @bobopera: 1 times
  @clintriley: 1 times
  @mlaffs: 1 times
christinepilch mentions:
  @DaveS: 1 times
  @ChristinePilch: 1 times
  @gsnyder: 1 times
  @valnelson: 1 times
  @GoNomad: 1 times
  @mmurfsurf: 1 times
  @tomdog: 1 times
  @vcintron: 1 times
  @lizwasher: 1 times
  @crushonholyoke: 1 times
parentclub mentions:
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
  @PartyMummy: 1 times
lorimeyers mentions:
  @cmscotti: 1 times
  @instantregina: 1 times
swoopo mentions:
  @Spaceman4Moon: 1 times
  @mattledford: 1 times
  @OneBoredMommy: 1 times
  @maggiebyrd: 1 times
  @winswoopo: 1 times
missiondesigns mentions:
  @themediamoms: 1 times
  @primetimeparent: 1 times
  @blm03: 1 times
robertjames1 mentions:
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @TheBusBandit: 1 times
  @RobertJames1: 1 times
  @BlatzLiquor: 1 times
  @DanAtBrandt: 1 times
vibabyfair mentions:
  @lacouvee: 1 times
suemiley2 mentions:
  @bobtheteacher: 1 times
  @milanaleshinsky: 1 times
mdwillbefamous mentions:
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @socrazygirl: 1 times
  @Icegiirl: 1 times
  @mileyscousin11: 1 times
  @BigBearrG: 1 times
meghanmbiro mentions:
  @BruceCarlson: 1 times
  @artpetty: 1 times
  @rikerjoe: 1 times
  @strategicsense: 1 times
  @SusanMazza: 1 times
  @WallyBock: 1 times
thegadgetdude mentions:
  @TheBorzoi: 1 times
frankaustx mentions:
  @eftpraxis: 1 times
  @chipeft: 1 times
  @emotionalengine: 1 times
  @moneymakeover2: 1 times
  @EFTmama: 1 times
  @EFTSejual: 1 times
letmike mentions:
  @mkellner: 1 times
  @scroll: 1 times
  @RepoMandy: 1 times
  @coreymintz: 1 times
  @MisterJohnDoyle: 1 times
  @stevenpage: 1 times
  @playcon: 1 times
  @shoq: 1 times
  @AntoniaZ: 1 times
  @diablocody: 1 times
  @rocr69: 1 times
uil_ mentions:
  @lorimeyers: 1 times
  @cmscotti: 1 times
  @instantregina: 1 times
kmcdiva mentions:
  @cindielu: 1 times
  @kMcDiva: 2 times
  @brittdakidd: 1 times
current mentions:
  @ellenfox: 1 times
  @nettletheotaku: 1 times
  @CurrentTech: 1 times
  @current: 1 times
morespatraffic mentions:
  @LucieOcteau: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
isaos mentions:
missdoomcookie mentions:
  @LurLita: 1 times
  @Ashlanne: 1 times
  @EntropyInk: 1 times
  @cuppy: 1 times
  @gamingangel: 1 times
  @Naylie: 1 times
  @KiaraEQ2: 1 times
djmagenta mentions:
  @Clyyde: 1 times
  @JimAllenIII: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @tluckow: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
gabediaz mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
jennqpublic mentions:
edgeone mentions:
  @stevenpage: 1 times
  @artoftime: 1 times
jdeeringdavis mentions:
  @crit: 1 times
  @olehippie: 1 times
ivan_c mentions:
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
downtown_le mentions:
  @priyal: 2 times
  @holliepea: 1 times
soundstheway mentions:
  @ivanuskokovic: 1 times
  @kryptonflo: 1 times
soundwalkdotcom mentions:
  @experimedia: 1 times
  @disquiet: 1 times
  @tannermenard: 1 times
  @SoundwalkDOTcom: 1 times
  @linewireink: 1 times
  @rarefrequency: 1 times
donabogart mentions:
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
mskarenoliver mentions:
  @coreyskort: 1 times
  @howard74: 1 times
  @Tomplay: 1 times
  @MsKarenOliver: 1 times
  @EASportsMauiInv: 1 times
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @Makenzesgranna: 1 times
  @dumb: 1 times
burnsie_seo mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
karinagarcia mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @sleepingpoet: 1 times
  @marjae: 1 times
  @natural: 1 times
  @michaelmagical: 1 times
  @Naniwaialeale: 1 times
  @KarinaGarcia: 1 times
estherkane mentions:
  @andreaowen: 1 times
  @johannaskandel: 1 times
  @KCLAnderson: 1 times
  @insidebeauty: 1 times
  @estherkane: 1 times
  @700stories: 1 times
  @mystique: 1 times
zimbet mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
blancameza mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @txheadshots: 1 times
  @KnittingFairy: 1 times
manyas mentions:
  @24k: 1 times
  @FlopTech: 1 times
piscolounge mentions:
  @julielegrand: 1 times
  @laxmihiremath: 1 times
  @synja: 1 times
  @SFNando: 1 times
  @BrubbyMacFar: 1 times
  @calisara: 1 times
  @OfferLounge: 1 times
  @nortonbuffalo: 1 times
  @sanfranmag: 1 times
  @BBHC: 1 times
glowstick mentions:
  @SaraValor: 2 times
  @strology: 1 times
  @GlowStick: 1 times
  @inklesstales: 1 times
  @DeadHaunted: 1 times
mrswerewolf mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @LiveforFilms: 1 times
  @mattwaldram: 1 times
  @GeorgeHopkin: 1 times
  @GodzillaofJapan: 1 times
  @loopmovie: 1 times
shawnrecruits4u mentions:
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
  @TCLoudermilk: 1 times
  @shawnrecruits4u: 1 times
  @beckyallen: 1 times
  @MCardinal79: 1 times
  @robertdominguez: 1 times
anorexiasupport mentions:
  @jabanana: 1 times
  @michellepsych: 1 times
  @beccawears: 1 times
  @FoundsereNity: 1 times
  @BingeEating: 1 times
babyboomerbev mentions:
kokogirl mentions:
  @armchairgolfer: 1 times
nictomtom mentions:
  @bluearmy99: 1 times
writerdiehl mentions:
  @nantucketartist: 1 times
tracyrosen mentions:
  @siobhancurious: 1 times
khanu mentions:
  @Nidbones: 1 times
  @xcrustyANus: 1 times
  @Dolan42: 1 times
  @Vargasboy31: 1 times
  @RichyRichJrNiD: 1 times
  @tnguyen0213: 1 times
  @rockKILLSsteve: 1 times
  @CalvinsInTheDrk: 1 times
ldydisney mentions:
  @thebookaddict: 1 times
  @BrookeReviews: 1 times
revhewman mentions:
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
trinaunz mentions:
  @JenParkerPhotog: 1 times
  @wendybattles: 1 times
  @dontyaknow: 1 times
  @BillyeThompson: 1 times
intellogist mentions:
  @atripperI: 1 times
  @ipgossip: 1 times
george9writer mentions:
  @cameronchapman: 1 times
kbctourcompany mentions:
  @KarenWaldkirch: 1 times
  @andyfrahmFellow: 1 times
  @kbctourcompany: 1 times
  @MRCollins58: 1 times
  @bujanga: 1 times
  @juldal: 1 times
  @jodkeller: 1 times
  @jeanne1231: 1 times
cargillcreative mentions:
  @pgillin: 1 times
  @goodridge: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @pchaney: 1 times
  @TDefren: 1 times
  @ccchapman: 1 times
conservative67 mentions:
  @LadyImpactOhio: 1 times
butterscotchbre mentions:
  @Juicyfruit4u: 1 times
  @teedramoses: 1 times
  @BUTTERSCOTCHBRE: 1 times
  @Dirtywhoreleb: 1 times
  @EBtheCeleb: 1 times
  @missfree: 1 times
  @LENAYEHEAVEN: 1 times
  @Jasmine: 1 times
intrepid316 mentions:
  @ATsLady: 1 times
suzydias mentions:
  @adoptame: 1 times
leoprieto mentions:
  @camilaup: 1 times
  @luzprieto: 1 times
  @mariaprietow: 1 times
  @conz: 1 times
  @paloma: 1 times
  @franvarela: 1 times
  @linaceballos: 1 times
virtualstudios mentions:
  @britneyspears: 1 times
  @billyraycyrus: 1 times
  @adrianpesebre: 1 times
  @SamChampion: 1 times
  @FilmWeb: 1 times
mardeet mentions:
  @docputer: 1 times
deanomarr mentions:
  @salandpepper: 1 times
anovelista mentions:
  @estelledarlings: 1 times
  @maiysha: 1 times
  @johnlegend: 1 times
  @smokeyrobinson: 1 times
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
  @theRealEsthero: 1 times
angela_webber_ mentions:
  @TrueTwiFamily: 1 times
jayestis mentions:
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @cancerlost: 1 times
  @TheLifeofPower: 1 times
  @JerryBelcourt: 1 times
  @scottiardella: 1 times
calamari mentions:
  @pmbaird: 1 times
greatlakesgreen mentions:
  @RobertStockham: 1 times
  @localharvestorg: 1 times
jscarrasco mentions:
  @mosaeus: 1 times
docforkids mentions:
erwinthegreat mentions:
offshorebroker mentions:
  @QEstatisticos: 1 times
  @sabroso164: 1 times
  @komponisto: 1 times
  @BarbaraPC: 1 times
  @offshorebroker: 1 times
  @RogerioFragoso: 1 times
  @RuiMoio: 1 times
  @Antologias: 1 times
  @SentireSentidos: 1 times
juiceegapeach mentions:
  @atrulady1985: 1 times
  @kaykirb: 1 times
  @Tootie504: 1 times
  @courtnay21w: 1 times
  @nashauna: 1 times
  @goldengoodas: 1 times
  @cocodiva901: 1 times
rosslarocco mentions:
magicman247 mentions:
  @TimmyGrunt: 1 times
  @markke11y: 1 times
ithinkmedia mentions:
  @kirsteno: 1 times
  @GeorgeAtha: 1 times
  @mfrancone: 1 times
  @HigherEdTech: 1 times
  @SleepyhouseMeg: 1 times
  @BlondeByDesign: 1 times
  @PeaceMakersInc: 1 times
bannersrus mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @java4two: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @hamsterkitten: 1 times
  @cesarmillan: 1 times
  @EzyBlogger: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
  @FollowingBetty: 1 times
  @folkspod: 1 times
  @heykim: 1 times
midnightrevs mentions:
  @matchfitusa: 1 times
  @AndrewBucholtz: 1 times
  @gingetalksfooty: 1 times
  @soucieonsoccer: 1 times
  @henry5: 1 times
  @pasionnaranja: 1 times
  @24thminute: 1 times
  @wvhooligan: 1 times
  @Attacking90: 1 times
oddmanout75 mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @larryczerwonka: 1 times
  @lazarus2000: 1 times
  @LexusKittytails: 1 times
  @oddmanout75: 1 times
  @AngelaKeen: 1 times
  @DJSMOOK: 1 times
lfeld52 mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
johnensign mentions:
  @suzyrice: 1 times
  @Ridgeliner7: 1 times
  @NRSC: 1 times
jeffreydouglass mentions:
  @housechick: 1 times
  @amandablum: 1 times
  @CoronadoIsland: 1 times
travelmonkee mentions:
  @andrewnim: 1 times
  @ideaanglers: 1 times
  @sbbuzz: 1 times
  @rowsell: 1 times
  @SiobhanBulfin: 1 times
  @velofille: 1 times
  @alexm63: 1 times
  @IceAndy: 1 times
zambucco mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @rickykay: 1 times
myactingsite mentions:
  @myactingsite: 1 times
  @RobertTutsky: 1 times
  @donovantalk: 1 times
  @kimdhbutler: 1 times
  @mumbleguy: 1 times
  @brucebackman: 1 times
texastoker mentions:
  @BillFranco: 1 times
  @MPFranco: 1 times
  @RoXyGurl: 1 times
  @DonSchnure: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
  @texastoker: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @JimDeMint: 1 times
  @BadisBlues: 1 times
clearverve mentions:
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @SaraMeaney: 1 times
  @philgerb: 1 times
  @eMilwaukee: 1 times
  @kfelten: 1 times
  @clearverve: 1 times
qwilite mentions:
  @GrownFolksMusic: 1 times
  @DezarayDawn: 1 times
  @glennyb: 1 times
  @QwiLite: 1 times
  @NESRA: 1 times
  @CoachBilal: 1 times
greatamericans mentions:
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @AmericaUnited: 1 times
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
  @michaelfkelly: 1 times
  @AFMCNow: 1 times
  @canditaylor68: 1 times
  @raid1907: 1 times
  @doviroma: 1 times
  @BostonMaggie: 1 times
  @skipinc: 1 times
colleenkasel mentions:
  @LOVEMADDS: 1 times
  @: 1 times
anavalesmil mentions:
  @TheRealMigo: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @LostZombies: 1 times
  @yankeesgame: 1 times
darylbryant mentions:
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @FlooringSEOGuru: 1 times
  @ticketini: 1 times
jltimmer mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
killspamdead mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilanoRT: 1 times
  @detroitredwings: 1 times
  @bjr70: 1 times
jimmyrwilliams mentions:
  @DaveNicholson: 1 times
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @Livingstrong: 1 times
  @mikepts: 1 times
  @libbytalks: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @ReineM: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
core_appler mentions:
  @Maumekimfollowfriday: 1 times
  @Enchantedheart: 1 times
  @spoilmetwo: 1 times
  @Maumekim: 1 times
  @RinaMonte: 1 times
  @RiWrites: 1 times
  @islandgirlmick: 1 times
  @WeAreGITe: 1 times
  @coreAPPLER: 1 times
  @TrannyOnI: 1 times
megs723 mentions:
  @TerezBaskin: 2 times
jan_j mentions:
  @denyseduhaime: 2 times
  @rocknrod: 1 times
  @studentoflife: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @sillycows: 1 times
julierubes mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
chris_turner mentions:
  @stanwoodwa: 1 times
  @seattlewash: 1 times
  @bremertonwash: 1 times
  @vancouverwash: 1 times
  @tacomawash: 1 times
  @bellinghamwash: 1 times
  @woodinvillewash: 1 times
  @everettwash: 1 times
  @redmondwash: 1 times
rebus1746 mentions:
  @JasonShand: 1 times
netsuitecareers mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
malinmrstorres mentions:
  @NyLiverBull: 1 times
heyclement mentions:
  @ole: 2 times
toyaisme mentions:
  @ChadTEverson: 1 times
  @ClayOxen: 1 times
timesync mentions:
  @uncultured: 1 times
dawntaylor666 mentions:
  @erikdavis: 5 times
schantall1986 mentions:
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @waydavis: 1 times
  @oyinkokoricha: 1 times
  @BestFoodBaby: 1 times
  @gifttours: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
  @Tcusack247: 1 times
  @tinymel96: 1 times
  @yea: 1 times
revolutionid mentions:
  @otrphoto: 1 times
  @RevolutionID: 1 times
jillywisdom mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @Fortunekookie: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @JillyWisdom: 1 times
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @Christellle: 1 times
  @AdelaideDamoah: 1 times
  @GothamTim: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
leni_lava mentions:
  @andylamb: 1 times
  @ukcam: 1 times
  @lenilava: 1 times
  @TrinaWright: 1 times
  @phpchap: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @ViralNinja: 1 times
  @ClaireCordon: 1 times
  @KrystalSim: 1 times
  @gamewank: 1 times
  @re: 1 times
pseudomoksha mentions:
  @flightblogger: 1 times
  @AirbusAllan: 1 times
connecticutman1 mentions:
  @cdashiell: 1 times
  @ConnecticutMan1: 1 times
ka3drr mentions:
  @TaraBusch: 1 times
  @KathleenShow: 1 times
  @HelenWalters: 1 times
  @StarrHall: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @HawaiiRealty: 1 times
  @ensuredsuccess: 1 times
alliancemn mentions:
  @hjdunagan: 1 times
  @MinnPost: 1 times
  @allianceMN: 1 times
clobrien mentions:
  @plainsight50: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @teapartynews: 1 times
  @sniffink: 1 times
  @magnoliatree: 1 times
  @stockshotz: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @realpatriot61: 1 times
msslf7 mentions:
  @jasonhockey: 1 times
  @DJFairgame: 1 times
  @Inkroyale: 1 times
  @Swaggercheckjae: 1 times
  @StayFresh2Deff: 1 times
  @youngplay: 1 times
  @minamean: 1 times
  @msslf7: 1 times
  @melissamarie: 1 times
  @st: 1 times
wonderwebby mentions:
  @kellypuffs: 1 times
  @sltrunzo: 1 times
  @lauracowen: 1 times
  @mjully: 1 times
  @leeives: 1 times
  @gialyons: 1 times
  @jadintx: 1 times
  @jenokimoto: 1 times
  @wonderwebby: 1 times
karmasherbs mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @NadiaMercelis: 1 times
  @JuliaRosien: 1 times
  @screamingeagle1: 1 times
  @FearlessFactor: 1 times
  @DrMolliMarti: 1 times
kse93 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
robert_moran mentions:
  @AmericaArias: 1 times
  @dailytitan: 2 times
randyshiner mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
affirmingspirit mentions:
  @resilientheart: 1 times
  @SereneMoments: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
  @SmilingSpirit: 1 times
  @KarenMaunaLWB: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @kathyireland: 1 times
randgm mentions:
  @jasonpratt: 1 times
  @detroitredwings: 1 times
  @bjr70: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
philipwolf mentions:
  @ApicalRecruit: 1 times
  @travelv: 1 times
laceydanielle33 mentions:
  @warshadow: 1 times
salonmaire mentions:
  @HolisticMom: 1 times
  @ghorrall: 1 times
  @yourimpact: 1 times
  @aranarose: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
thinkbig_blog mentions:
  @HopHopkins: 1 times
  @danlopez2012: 1 times
  @jimhandi: 1 times
  @martinpiraino: 1 times
  @SKanderson: 1 times
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
submom mentions:
  @PopArtDiva: 1 times
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
armandolimon mentions:
  @zegim: 1 times
  @anildash: 1 times
  @bt: 1 times
  @zephoria: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @sciencebase: 1 times
yardfairy mentions:
  @michaelanschel: 1 times
  @mrgreenheart: 1 times
  @CheroCobbGreen: 1 times
  @michaelhealth: 1 times
  @wowgreen: 1 times
  @DCorpHomes: 1 times
  @YardFairy: 1 times
bertdecker mentions:
  @MaxAtkinson: 1 times
fablefire mentions:
  @tap29: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @tweetpea: 1 times
  @jennflutter: 1 times
  @nettagyrl: 1 times
  @valenzetti: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @jackybrown: 1 times
mariabeckett mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
sayitwithecards mentions:
  @TraceyTarrant: 1 times
  @sayitwithecards: 1 times
  @elizrn: 1 times
  @TheBudgetnista: 1 times
  @hoodgrammys: 1 times
  @rockon: 1 times
bthv mentions:
  @annetsmith: 1 times
  @EddeBu: 1 times
  @dollie67: 1 times
  @mrhorse: 1 times
  @Gscape: 1 times
  @CarlaMondig: 1 times
  @karinwinters: 1 times
  @sienjaal: 1 times
  @trendmatcher: 1 times
  @maartenhendrikx: 1 times
nanieversace mentions:
  @KingofBrooklynFollowfriday: 1 times
  @NanieVersace: 1 times
  @majesticsmilez: 1 times
  @PerfectEnigma: 1 times
jackiemos mentions:
cmoexec mentions:
  @MarComNetwork: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @terrykirkreid: 1 times
  @cmoexec: 1 times
  @smmguide: 1 times
  @zedomaxbiz: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @sproutmarketing: 1 times
  @: 1 times
naturalhealth4u mentions:
  @SNICKER386: 1 times
  @Gfcf4autism: 1 times
  @junonutrition: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
kristenmchugh22 mentions:
  @Paisano: 1 times
sin_of_eden mentions:
  @eratyptin: 1 times
  @annericeauthor: 1 times
niaondine mentions:
  @summertomato: 1 times
  @: 1 times
amideadyet mentions:
  @donabogart: 1 times
msholin mentions:
  @QnDebra: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @msholin: 1 times
  @digitalpaint: 1 times
  @happninstlou: 1 times
  @jackiejart: 1 times
ivan_filios mentions:
  @luanascozzafava: 1 times
ski_naked mentions:
  @WendyM: 1 times
reefergladness mentions:
  @JoelFryComedy: 1 times
  @DanUmthun: 1 times
  @TheBenHouk: 1 times
  @Chernissj: 1 times
  @CornstarComedy: 1 times
  @ReeferGla: 1 times
iambriangreen mentions:
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @wetoldyouso: 1 times
  @JimFBrown: 1 times
  @StillStacy: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @drsophie: 1 times
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @andrewspong: 1 times
  @PineyJ: 1 times
kathymagrino mentions:
  @Pepperfire: 1 times
  @kathymagrino: 1 times
naral mentions:
  @rhrealitycheck: 1 times
  @womensenews: 1 times
  @jmpinto: 1 times
  @2morrowknight: 1 times
  @GuidoASanchez: 1 times
  @laurachelle: 1 times
tylerenglish mentions:
  @hollyrigsby: 1 times
  @saranylander: 1 times
  @IYCA: 1 times
  @ashleyroberts: 1 times
  @MissWall: 1 times
  @jimmysmithtrain: 1 times
raulluna mentions:
  @Paloma: 1 times
geekgirls mentions:
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @MsInItForDaKill: 1 times
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @loquaciousmuse: 1 times
  @MariBiscuits: 1 times
  @DeliaTheArtist: 1 times
  @zenbitch: 1 times
odito mentions:
  @DaneRussell: 1 times
lennar mentions:
  @Ecendant: 1 times
  @Lennar: 1 times
intuited mentions:
  @LarisaBelliveau: 1 times
  @thesciencebabe: 1 times
brit_8559 mentions:
  @omarvalle: 2 times
  @Maloix: 1 times
  @brit8559: 1 times
  @vizente: 1 times
  @BrendaLola: 1 times
  @edboy: 1 times
  @Maikol83: 1 times
  @MarciandreA: 1 times
cruiselog mentions:
  @deljones: 1 times
gonzalocordova mentions:
  @DarrenGibson: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @WellnessHill: 1 times
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
  @fratel: 1 times
  @DonRoberts: 1 times
amezzeray mentions:
  @empiremagazine: 1 times
  @nickjfrost: 1 times
lanagold mentions:
  @rosecole: 1 times
  @OrganicAuthorit: 1 times
  @HealthCrusader: 1 times
textopuro mentions:
  @ferabreu: 1 times
  @AdoteUmGatinho: 1 times
liveinspired mentions:
  @resilientheart: 1 times
niceguyted mentions:
  @MrBossks: 1 times
flow828 mentions:
  @writinginrain: 1 times
yourrockerchic mentions:
  @rockphotogirl: 1 times
  @SmallTownTroy: 1 times
  @revtheory: 1 times
  @TRAUMADEVILLE: 1 times
  @DOWNINHOLLYWOOD: 1 times
  @adelitasway: 1 times
  @ArtOfDying: 1 times
yaninacapasso mentions:
  @ariblus: 1 times
  @facu825: 1 times
  @lovetheo: 1 times
  @gerech81: 1 times
  @LoLa: 1 times
  @jimenag: 1 times
  @elteto: 1 times
flanger1975 mentions:
recoveryrabbi mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
sickgirl38 mentions:
  @ericjstar: 1 times
  @andythezombie: 1 times
  @jessiasott: 1 times
  @angryneo: 1 times
  @MFZARMonday: 1 times
  @RockabillyTees: 1 times
  @Lostzombies: 1 times
  @radicalcomics: 1 times
  @Darkhorsecomics: 1 times
purfx12 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
iamamogul mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @Iamamogul: 1 times
catty_fan_club mentions:
  @FuseBoxRadio: 1 times
  @thedoman: 1 times
  @iamroccett: 1 times
  @icadon: 2 times
  @CATTYFANCLUB: 1 times
  @FutureBrandNu: 1 times
  @BeyondBeliefNow: 1 times
boomerwoman mentions:
  @TravelTweetie: 1 times
  @aliholden: 1 times
  @rosslarocco: 1 times
  @Boomerwoman: 1 times
juliano_g mentions:
  @alcemirfelix: 1 times
  @pathylira: 1 times
  @felipevicente: 1 times
  @JulianoG: 1 times
  @mcarolina29: 1 times
  @jessirosa: 1 times
  @hojetemrock: 1 times
  @jeeeffi: 1 times
  @Danielmendes: 1 times
joshhinds mentions:
  @HeatherWill: 1 times
eweverson mentions:
  @ColtAbles: 1 times
  @ScottWGraves: 1 times
  @fadita: 1 times
  @GiddyGaddy: 1 times
  @flyer802: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @rncneil: 1 times
temeritymag mentions:
  @golfnovels: 1 times
  @rwebler: 1 times
  @TMSpencer: 1 times
  @mossinterest: 2 times
  @RealSocialBuzz: 1 times
  @ClayOxen: 1 times
mgmarts mentions:
  @zsbcreations: 1 times
  @NaturesDecor: 1 times
  @iragrant: 1 times
  @stonexbaz: 1 times
momentivate mentions:
  @cjramm: 1 times
  @momentivate: 1 times
terrymr mentions:
  @sororravn: 1 times
  @Nasa: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
bkbap mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @bkbap: 1 times
tracybrinkmann mentions:
  @BUTTERFLYWHEEL: 1 times
  @AliciaSanera: 1 times
ipathia mentions:
iartist40 mentions:
  @perfectpostage: 1 times
  @lpetrone1: 1 times
  @mousearte: 1 times
  @prprints: 1 times
  @haywiregraphics: 1 times
obrianw mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @luiserpa: 1 times
auctioneerist mentions:
  @reelsmart: 1 times
  @ixplora: 1 times
  @theloon: 1 times
  @Amalaya: 1 times
  @mossinterest: 1 times
  @TuttledoveJB: 1 times
  @Seaheather: 1 times
  @marleed: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
siddnullus mentions:
  @tjsitback: 1 times
jacky_brown mentions:
  @tap29: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
jw_smith mentions:
  @garethps: 1 times
chuckyockey mentions:
  @wsoplive: 1 times
jonkurozawa mentions:
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @jonkurozawa: 1 times
ohmylacy mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
bluelotusca mentions:
  @Attention: 1 times
pfirewolf mentions:
  @Selestial: 1 times
  @Misha726: 1 times
  @PFirewolf: 1 times
  @KMacFarlane: 1 times
  @cabookwyrm: 1 times
  @SteffBakker: 1 times
  @Loubookpushers: 1 times
paulina1 mentions:
  @straightstreetFollowFriday: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @paulina1: 1 times
  @lauderdaleagent: 1 times
  @hiphopgrandpa: 1 times
  @twitterpare: 1 times
junkyard_h mentions:
  @samuelpepys: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
loveketurah mentions:
  @RobertMoran: 1 times
  @loveketurah: 1 times
unioncounty_nc mentions:
  @kidgman: 1 times
  @thekush: 1 times
  @kjannfischer: 1 times
  @beerealty: 1 times
  @NadiaMercelis: 1 times
  @uctwits: 1 times
  @PSCGreenTeam: 1 times
melisangel mentions:
  @AmyLoria: 1 times
  @jwiggs85: 1 times
  @DonteWhitner: 1 times
  @seansmith4: 1 times
  @margodane: 1 times
  @jessgysin: 1 times
  @ChipVaughn: 1 times
  @AI9: 1 times
  @KellieWellz: 1 times
  @quickgld: 1 times
coachcarolann mentions:
  @TheBetterSexDoc: 1 times
do0k13 mentions:
  @Ohlyn: 1 times
frankstah_grime mentions:
  @MelodyOnline: 2 times
  @Blimeyworld: 1 times
  @Hardsy: 1 times
  @marciephonix: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @LDNinteresting: 1 times
  @Djvectra: 1 times
  @MusicalD: 1 times
carvedsolutions mentions:
  @GordonDeal: 2 times
moxie_lady mentions:
thesavvyfoodist mentions:
  @Insanitiki: 1 times
tunnelvision1 mentions:
  @SickleAdvocate: 1 times
  @scottia: 1 times
  @MissPaulaFlava: 1 times
  @lindasmith247: 1 times
  @thecolorbrowne: 1 times
  @katrinabikini: 1 times
  @TunnelVision1: 1 times
margaretjacoby mentions:
  @PatriciaKor: 1 times
  @GayleConnell: 1 times
melodyonline mentions:
  @adaggio1: 2 times
  @MelodyOnline: 1 times
  @NatalieBow: 1 times
  @MusicalD: 1 times
sugarbear93 mentions:
  @paparoach: 1 times
  @jerryhorton: 1 times
  @TobinEsperance: 1 times
naturalxistence mentions:
  @ASHALKING: 1 times
  @babeepower: 1 times
pencilme_n mentions:
  @cynsheis: 1 times
  @pencilmen: 1 times
omarvelus mentions:
  @missgigip: 1 times
  @insomniaq: 1 times
  @Rosenbergradio: 1 times
  @evierobbie: 1 times
  @11twenty: 1 times
  @CamronGiles: 1 times
  @Omarvelus: 1 times
mofosnot mentions:
  @elliotcole: 1 times
  @composecreate: 1 times
  @edlawes: 1 times
  @mobtownmodern: 1 times
  @mofosnot: 1 times
  @xpressz: 1 times
  @laputean: 1 times
  @5357311: 1 times
  @idmbassoon: 1 times
  @oraclehysteria: 1 times
watzlaw mentions:
  @Tinkabellastar: 1 times
fantomaster mentions:
  @mparent77772: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @seoidiot: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
  @davewiner: 1 times
  @MaxGalitsyn: 1 times
  @RandomReTweet: 1 times
anecat mentions:
  @comfypaws: 1 times
chiba37 mentions:
  @krisstraub: 1 times
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
  @IronSpike: 1 times
  @sohmer: 1 times
  @SchoolhouseDaze: 1 times
  @pvponline: 1 times
rnib mentions:
  @jayjayelma: 1 times
shamscoverups mentions:
jeanetted_mk mentions:
  @RiWrites: 1 times
rowenasara mentions:
  @geeksugar: 1 times
jakebeebe mentions:
  @brianfaughnan: 1 times
  @seanhackbarth: 1 times
  @jonhenke: 1 times
  @fausta: 1 times
  @allahpundit: 1 times
  @jtlol: 1 times
  @snarkandboobs: 1 times
  @buelldawg: 1 times
  @amspec: 1 times
  @emzanotti: 1 times
kenplume mentions:
  @MKupperman: 1 times
jmstro mentions:
  @edgedyrksec: 1 times
daveingland mentions:
  @michaelharrison: 1 times
  @steveharrison: 1 times
spuffycullen mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @BTVTrueBlood: 1 times
  @mikecashcash: 1 times
  @anthonycashcash: 1 times
  @samcashcash: 1 times
  @alexcashcash: 1 times
  @JPcashcash: 1 times
randalltodd mentions:
  @Thatcher: 1 times
gendraftcomic mentions:
  @n9uxu: 1 times
  @Swikan: 1 times
  @SmartZombie: 1 times
  @dannyson1: 1 times
tedesco mentions:
  @cfrb: 1 times
  @jerseysoprano: 1 times
  @jazzamatazz: 1 times
  @wheretowee: 1 times
  @lakerz4lyfe: 1 times
  @madisonviolet: 1 times
  @lovinsyl: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @bbunderground: 1 times
  @dmlcartel: 1 times
mindfulmeli mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @TheBigfella: 1 times
  @kevinfalkingham: 1 times
  @mindfulMeli: 1 times
  @AlexJeffreys: 1 times
cafepressmemaws mentions:
  @ProjectDynamite: 1 times
illuminainfo mentions:
  @geneticalliance: 1 times
  @dgmacarthur: 1 times
  @23andME: 1 times
  @mattehewherper: 1 times
  @emilysinger: 1 times
tastypopsicle mentions:
  @chickadee1010: 1 times
comicbookorange mentions:
  @percycarey: 1 times
  @tyrese4real: 1 times
  @brubaker: 1 times
t_p_w mentions:
  @gracefh: 1 times
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
secularstupid mentions:
  @LMack49: 1 times
  @creepingsharia: 1 times
  @crazycatkid: 1 times
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @eric55explorer: 1 times
  @soullathe: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @TexasGar: 1 times
kobexxiv mentions:
  @BillyBlassRT: 1 times
  @stevethegoose: 1 times
  @WillHelm4Food: 1 times
  @losnsa: 1 times
  @skipinc: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @DjAlizay: 1 times
  @Kobexxiv: 1 times
  @ncnimservices: 1 times
kevincrafts mentions:
  @idesignstudios: 1 times
  @obox: 1 times
  @leemunroe: 1 times
  @michaelianblack: 1 times
ginabell mentions:
  @philmutrie: 1 times
  @tellman: 1 times
  @christinahills: 1 times
  @JPolish: 1 times
  @wordpresswizard: 1 times
  @RayEdwards: 1 times
  @ginabell: 1 times
  @joemarsh: 1 times
  @RomanceLady: 1 times
lemonbirdstudio mentions:
  @artsofeden: 1 times
  @AmyMommaerts: 1 times
  @SheltieHollow: 1 times
  @irenerensci: 1 times
  @lorimcneeartist: 1 times
lotcon mentions:
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
  @PeterFrancis: 1 times
  @StuartLaing: 1 times
  @powersystem: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
donatoortega mentions:
  @mayasiddique2: 1 times
  @EspressoBoy: 1 times
  @URmatey: 1 times
  @Vegiegail: 1 times
  @Finaibiz: 1 times
  @promedia: 1 times
  @Trisha577: 1 times
  @AriesGurl03: 1 times
vyctorsoft mentions:
  @mscollegegurl: 1 times
  @HomerSapiens: 1 times
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
  @Flambz: 1 times
  @SirPopper: 1 times
  @Cutelittlekitty: 1 times
  @DracoRigel: 1 times
  @axelSanMiguel: 1 times
  @sdesic: 1 times
evilninjaphil mentions:
  @CAFR: 1 times
fjayhall mentions:
tvguidemagazine mentions:
  @JulieFarin: 1 times
  @ampersandra: 1 times
  @RoushTVGuideMag: 1 times
  @robmoynihan: 1 times
  @richsands999: 1 times
  @damianholbrook: 1 times
lobsterandchick mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @AmyRuocco: 1 times
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @giftgirl: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @lobsterandchick: 1 times
  @piece2dot0: 1 times
  @NJHallofFame: 1 times
dwell mentions:
  @DwellonDesign: 1 times
  @siggieggertsson: 1 times
theacaciastrain mentions:
  @vannaboston: 1 times
  @twbd: 1 times
  @johnnycupcakes: 1 times
  @rebel8: 1 times
  @thehundredsLA: 1 times
  @coalesceox: 1 times
  @prostheticrcds: 1 times
  @defeater: 1 times
  @swisky: 1 times
  @theredchord: 1 times
deadprogram mentions:
  @KrisColvin: 1 times
  @Pistachio: 1 times
  @thebrandbuilder: 1 times
  @shelisrael: 1 times
  @TWTRCON: 1 times
  @140conf: 1 times
  @140tc: 1 times
capecodgurl mentions:
  @abbaks: 1 times
  @verucablue: 1 times
  @TeresaKopec: 1 times
  @ReginaMedina: 1 times
  @charyl: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @MzLaffy: 1 times
  @misha1234: 1 times
  @shoq: 1 times
  @codyk: 1 times
  @jimnnoke: 1 times
hopei91 mentions:
  @AnimalLovers12: 1 times
michel_trapani mentions:
  @mashable: 2 times
fox10news mentions:
  @wpaulcrawford: 1 times
  @integritymusic: 1 times
  @imap: 1 times
  @jbyrdman: 1 times
  @Cdean9934: 1 times
fiberdeviant mentions:
  @tinafightsfire: 1 times
  @stevenpitts: 1 times
  @TVAmy: 1 times
  @soundman460: 1 times
  @JamesAkersJr: 1 times
  @FiberDeviant: 1 times
  @technologythree: 1 times
  @missdestructo: 1 times
  @russelltripp: 1 times
chikimoto mentions:
  @PerroWOW: 1 times
  @todos: 1 times
jwashmarketing mentions:
  @robertbland: 1 times
phatcheeks mentions:
  @jkloren: 1 times
  @innovKelli: 1 times
  @Zindella: 1 times
  @piplzchoice: 1 times
  @wolfems: 1 times
  @pattiev: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @phatcheeks: 1 times
  @EM: 1 times
sparkle_monique mentions:
  @MrMailman: 1 times
  @Yurdelite: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @MaraSpires: 1 times
  @SPARKLEMONIQUE: 1 times
fareedwarrad mentions:
  @zodiachoroscope: 1 times
  @EventFeed: 1 times
  @TattooOrNot: 1 times
  @lgr: 1 times
  @myyuwie: 1 times
  @AshleeHoward90: 1 times
  @EfusjonDawn: 1 times
  @cheapwinefinder: 1 times
  @gannotti: 1 times
  @ebayhalfprice: 1 times
cherylpiedad mentions:
  @CelebritiCat: 1 times
  @cherylpiedadPositive: 1 times
nutcase215 mentions:
  @philbridler: 1 times
  @IfThisIsHate: 1 times
mizfitonline mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
benniboy22 mentions:
  @Cozz: 1 times
  @kissmekayley: 1 times
  @Benniboy22: 1 times
  @MaryVictoria: 1 times
  @GoldyMom: 1 times
  @lisagj: 1 times
  @amysav83: 1 times
  @adrence: 1 times
  @cattysheba: 1 times
  @bogvampwhoppit: 1 times
schotline mentions:
  @scgop: 1 times
bearablescents mentions:
  @ResourcefulMom: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
dapperdsm mentions:
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @ckrantz01: 1 times
  @skyeofblue: 1 times
  @clozano: 1 times
  @conservogirl: 1 times
  @jenciTN: 1 times
  @ninjen: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @AndyWendtFollowFriday: 1 times
crafty_mama mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
jryanlaw mentions:
  @windyhill: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @cbellantoni: 1 times
  @markknoller: 1 times
  @OKnox: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
50kchallenge mentions:
  @DonnaMarieC: 1 times
  @TAZ31263: 1 times
  @moderndayjunto: 1 times
  @hhernandez: 1 times
chicagodesign mentions:
swytch mentions:
  @JackTatar: 1 times
  @amarygma: 1 times
  @swytch: 1 times
  @amalucky: 1 times
  @geekgirls: 2 times
  @WomenWhoTech: 1 times
  @peopletested: 1 times
nikolaygb mentions:
  @MaryRachBailey: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @Chloe1732: 1 times
  @TellTheTruth1: 1 times
  @JoelRaupe: 1 times
  @outpost54: 1 times
  @LunarPioneer: 1 times
  @reverielarke: 1 times
joanne_baines mentions:
  @siddNullusHeres: 1 times
  @joannebaines: 1 times
luvinmesomed mentions:
  @kayheartsdew: 1 times
  @RetroRewind: 1 times
  @ILUVNKOTB: 1 times
  @ktsummer: 1 times
  @AngieG75: 1 times
  @FreyaLynn: 1 times
  @LuvinMeSomeD: 1 times
  @CaliCG: 1 times
trendingnow mentions:
sebianoti mentions:
  @ChicagoDesign: 1 times
gaiababy mentions:
  @designmama: 1 times
  @mamapreneur: 1 times
  @davidkovacovich: 1 times
  @clementinenw: 1 times
pensm mentions:
  @MKWoody: 1 times
mqueenstown mentions:
  @ChicagoDesign: 1 times
jimmybradley mentions:
  @phonemanA: 1 times
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @DustyReagan: 1 times
  @shultquist: 1 times
  @BillCrosby: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @Battleborne: 1 times
  @ajupresident: 1 times
originaladrian mentions:
  @ChicagoDesign: 1 times
sawyerjm mentions:
  @PocketPinUp: 1 times
  @jennifer: 1 times
  @sweetiebird: 1 times
  @BaronHawkey: 1 times
  @SawyerJM: 1 times
gathering_dust mentions:
  @bonebashdetroit: 1 times
  @arthritisorg: 1 times
patdengler mentions:
  @Miniology: 1 times
  @ebelow: 1 times
  @fittorrent: 1 times
  @sillysushi: 1 times
  @sukhjit: 1 times
  @michaelking4023: 1 times
  @ATasteForTea: 1 times
  @askpatty: 1 times
  @hrider: 1 times
  @jasonhockey: 1 times
cbjfoto mentions:
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @mergyeugnau: 1 times
  @Tomas57: 1 times
  @madforart: 1 times
  @PhilHarrison: 1 times
  @lloydaustins: 1 times
ria6321 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
princess_sara9 mentions:
  @dingerworld: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
finolaprescott mentions:
  @grenadaexplorer: 1 times
  @PiscesInPurple: 1 times
  @Timprescott: 1 times
  @sablikatriumph: 1 times
designmama mentions:
  @UrbanDecorSue: 1 times
  @poppytalk: 1 times
  @designsponge: 1 times
  @2Modern: 1 times
  @kimvallee: 1 times
  @decor8: 1 times
yukihoang mentions:
  @NealSchaffer: 1 times
  @ResaMichelle: 1 times
  @dananner: 1 times
  @EdLovesSumo: 1 times
gailnott mentions:
  @forbodyandmind: 1 times
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @gailnott: 1 times
  @Sassylynx: 1 times
  @HealthyHumans: 1 times
  @AndreaKane: 1 times
  @inhealth: 1 times
rickweasel mentions:
  @tomlenk: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @juliebenz: 1 times
  @SemiTraveler: 1 times
  @readysteadystop: 1 times
gitargirl mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @leightonoc: 1 times
  @KrisleighH: 1 times
  @JimMacMillan: 1 times
  @SamAhern: 1 times
  @zefrank: 1 times
  @ChrisHolbert: 1 times
  @ChristineF@scarlet: 1 times
healthyfeetgirl mentions:
  @sdbargainmama@sandiegomomma: 1 times
  @sugarjones: 1 times
  @HIPMOM: 1 times
  @AshleyMahaffey: 1 times
livegreennow mentions:
  @GreenCommission: 1 times
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
  @eConsciousMkt: 1 times
  @inhabitat: 1 times
  @NewGreenStuff: 1 times
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
  @SierraMagazine: 1 times
  @eartheats: 1 times
jenwillis mentions:
  @EcoChic: 1 times
michaelmckee mentions:
  @ApolloAlliance: 1 times
  @grist: 1 times
teenagedvow mentions:
  @trohman: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @mikeyway: 1 times
  @TheSpencerSmith: 1 times
healthcareheros mentions:
  @VetNetUSA: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @VITW912: 1 times
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @raid1907: 1 times
livingjoydotnet mentions:
  @gassho: 1 times
  @: 1 times
darockie mentions:
  @newwork: 1 times
danastravis mentions:
  @blrfurther: 2 times
  @carybynum: 1 times
  @bellinrunner: 1 times
  @femitweets: 1 times
efleaa mentions:
  @LMgail: 1 times
  @lmtaylor: 1 times
  @efleaa: 1 times
  @AsSeenOnTvNet: 1 times
  @nudon: 1 times
  @EvelynBayCoffee: 1 times
sogeshirts mentions:
  @BeShirtHappy: 2 times
rtdesign mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
lowratesearch mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @mukund: 1 times
  @surefirehire: 1 times
  @TheGourmetGirl: 1 times
  @marafaye: 1 times
  @LoveMyPhilly: 1 times
  @brownsuga70: 1 times
  @douglasi: 1 times
alexandervision mentions:
  @msesthy: 1 times
  @grahamjoy: 1 times
  @thawrite1: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
ppatel mentions:
  @keregan: 1 times
  @marlaina: 1 times
  @jennison: 1 times
  @chasecrispin: 1 times
  @ryanrain: 1 times
writergal85 mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @MiramaxFilms: 1 times
deukgu mentions:
  @uberthegeek: 1 times
  @therealadamwest: 1 times
  @skinnermike: 1 times
  @jimlee00: 1 times
  @JScottCampbell: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @Missaup: 1 times
  @iRobotZombie: 1 times
  @deukgu: 1 times
calichica mentions:
  @djmere: 1 times
  @tehboondoc: 1 times
blacktreetv mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @rebeccajones: 1 times
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
joelle_dubois mentions:
  @Babeth: 1 times
kate30stm mentions:
  @7726: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
budesigns mentions:
  @blairblends: 1 times
theredportfolio mentions:
  @stircove: 1 times
  @roadhouseshoe: 1 times
  @shangilroy: 1 times
  @annaroxia: 1 times
  @drewjwhalen: 1 times
annalderson mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
rnrkamikaze mentions:
  @pghpenguins: 1 times
thatareca mentions:
  @viniciusalvim: 1 times
  @desencalhamos: 1 times
  @dehvipper: 1 times
  @BrunoCaetano: 1 times
  @leleou: 1 times
  @Glausto: 1 times
  @henrique093: 1 times
  @lucasmagalhaes: 1 times
  @vinnizinhow: 1 times
cam_williams mentions:
  @jacobsloan: 1 times
  @fantasyfools: 1 times
nancymarmolejo mentions:
  @SusieWard: 1 times
  @KendallCoach: 1 times
  @TheMetroMom: 1 times
  @NancyMarmolejo: 1 times
naborgarrido mentions:
  @leocero@mijarosoft: 1 times
  @leomtxwebmaster: 1 times
  @gonzalojaime: 1 times
  @axelalviso: 1 times
  @karyva: 1 times
fredericbrussat mentions:
  @Heathersmusic: 1 times
  @mindyaudlin: 1 times
  @Darla412: 1 times
pattyransom mentions:
  @peterfancinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
worldblogospher mentions:
  @BetaGirlBlog: 1 times
  @extraintel: 1 times
  @vampiredaze: 1 times
  @queenboxi: 1 times
ohlauren mentions:
  @mystica43229: 1 times
  @dancingsisters: 1 times
  @dannysgirlsg1: 1 times
  @magicalmischief: 1 times
steinarknutsen mentions:
  @rockybuckley: 1 times
  @riasharon: 1 times
  @eddale: 1 times
  @michellem: 1 times
  @imtw: 1 times
  @scottsharpe: 1 times
  @cvillemarketing: 1 times
renees mentions:
  @JeremyBarr: 1 times
  @ofmercy: 1 times
  @nitweet: 1 times
  @SarahtheBaker: 1 times
  @wmarkwhitlock: 1 times
  @renees: 1 times
  @danieldecker: 1 times
  @laneinc: 1 times
melinaabbott mentions:
  @officestuff: 1 times
  @melinaabbott: 1 times
sweetgrassmusic mentions:
  @TeachMeNow: 1 times
realphilhendrie mentions:
  @stevehuff: 1 times
  @realphilhendrie: 1 times
writingspirit mentions:
  @CarrieWilkerson: 1 times
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @NancyMarmolejo: 1 times
  @JoelComm: 1 times
  @WarrenWhitlock: 1 times
4tailslampwork mentions:
hacool mentions:
  @HopelessHeather: 1 times
  @semipenguin: 1 times
  @sourcePOV: 1 times
timecommander mentions:
  @entreprini: 1 times
  @darrenmonroe: 1 times
lil_hermie mentions:
  @ksorbs: 1 times
theraerae mentions:
  @charliechap: 1 times
  @RedheadWriting: 1 times
  @TwinHappyJen: 1 times
  @elm8: 1 times
  @inksnatcher: 1 times
  @PoetJanetDawson: 1 times
  @PennyAsh: 1 times
  @TheRaeRae: 1 times
jimconner mentions:
  @cptpoland: 1 times
  @ArielleKristina: 1 times
  @CelticCamera@godfreydigiorgi: 1 times
  @kimberlyfaye: 1 times
serieasten mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
djamesuk mentions:
  @AmaLama: 2 times
  @AshyLBowz: 2 times
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @DJOMEGARED7: 1 times
  @MAMACITAZ: 1 times
  @Jpoe405: 1 times
  @rebeccamcgrath: 1 times
  @djamesuk: 1 times
beanieg mentions:
  @BethStuever: 1 times
  @hannah4msue: 1 times
guyngirltravels mentions:
lisasullivan mentions:
  @TwitterTip: 1 times
psychicsophie mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @maalbert: 1 times
  @modelsupplies: 1 times
  @jblm: 1 times
  @pattyfarmer: 1 times
  @lynnyap: 1 times
  @jennkaye: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
heatherirvin mentions:
  @Mashable: 1 times
trebrown mentions:
  @lucerotk: 1 times
  @CptheArtist: 1 times
  @izzybeatz: 1 times
  @RussellDevon: 1 times
  @TREBROWN: 1 times
entreprini mentions:
  @tferriss: 1 times
amyjokim mentions:
  @mocost: 1 times
  @jcbreed: 1 times
  @fitbrains: 1 times
caitlinrain mentions:
  @transgender: 1 times
  @VulvaLoveLovely: 1 times
  @natasharamsey: 1 times
  @DukeStJournal: 1 times
  @noushin: 1 times
  @whywomen: 1 times
  @palestine: 1 times
  @RayBecjerman: 1 times
bunnydozer mentions:
  @MikeAndMals: 1 times
spoiledpretty mentions:
  @glambr: 1 times
  @aatp: 1 times
  @makeupbag: 1 times
  @themakeupgirl: 1 times
  @spoiledpretty: 1 times
  @makeuplovesme: 1 times
  @beautybloger: 1 times
meepbobeep mentions:
  @isfullofcrap: 1 times
jamesapearson mentions:
  @krochetkids: 1 times
  @ianhelliot: 1 times
  @tytysimmons: 1 times
  @Trayner: 1 times
  @dubbledam: 1 times
  @seancarasso: 1 times
  @alexanderpappas: 1 times
mindonly mentions:
  @hacool: 1 times
  @HopelessHeather: 1 times
djayrage mentions:
  @djrhythmics: 1 times
  @kutski: 1 times
  @djayrage: 1 times
  @djaspeth: 1 times
  @DJMoReX: 1 times
  @djaether: 1 times
  @jollidj: 1 times
  @stuallan: 1 times
  @tomas: 1 times
  @betamuse: 1 times
  @shingodj: 1 times
  @jeremylim: 1 times
hethandjed mentions:
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
  @dailyrt: 1 times
embethg mentions:
  @: 1 times
missheartcore mentions:
  @souledout: 1 times
  @sunsetoverdose: 1 times
  @chokeychicken: 1 times
stevekamikaze mentions:
  @MindfullyChange: 1 times
narniaweb mentions:
biggtim mentions:
  @cynthiadouglas: 1 times
  @SteveDahlShow: 1 times
  @biolawyer: 1 times
  @gcgreg: 1 times
  @Ivmy68: 1 times
  @patrickjames66: 1 times
  @stigquotes: 1 times
  @davewoodson: 1 times
  @RedbecG: 1 times
  @s: 1 times
robyntweettweet mentions:
  @scholastic: 1 times
  @KidsPress: 1 times
jinzilla20 mentions:
  @ccmaine: 1 times
pinelilyfnps mentions:
  @hdmarsh: 1 times
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
groundctrl mentions:
  @paparoach: 1 times
  @groundctrl: 1 times
  @dredg: 1 times
dicesices mentions:
  @RizzoTees: 2 times
venusdoom13 mentions:
  @Dezoris: 1 times
  @PSLifestyle: 1 times
  @SonyPlayStation: 1 times
  @godismyrock: 1 times
  @LesbianCafe: 1 times
  @jswami: 1 times
  @dianadoll: 1 times
  @HandsAwayStella: 1 times
  @PS3GamesAlliance: 1 times
parallelworlds mentions:
  @andrewwk: 1 times
  @davar: 1 times
  @19sites: 1 times
  @darrenBBC: 1 times
  @iMarkWilliamson: 1 times
daj42 mentions:
  @hrheingold: 1 times
  @jaylake: 1 times
  @jeffvandermeer: 1 times
  @JenWojcik: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @jessnevins: 1 times
  @jesswynne: 1 times
  @JoannaDangelo: 1 times
  @jonl: 1 times
  @macavityabc: 1 times
michelemandell mentions:
  @ihospitality: 1 times
tylermassey mentions:
  @OneLuvGurl: 1 times
tesslaqueen mentions:
  @JustineCullen: 1 times
  @PeterFacinelli: 1 times
tgreyparker mentions:
  @lissyvz: 1 times
  @tgreyparker: 1 times
mathymathy mentions:
slasher mentions:
  @LiveOnThree: 1 times
  @djWHEAT: 1 times
  @starfeeder: 1 times
  @SirScoots: 1 times
  @geekboys: 1 times
  @gyt: 1 times
  @MLGSundance: 1 times
  @JoeMiller: 1 times
  @bidyyy: 1 times
  @karaleung: 1 times
  @KatHunter: 1 times
jeanne_quereau mentions:
  @JQue88: 1 times
  @jeannequereau: 1 times
nh_jay mentions:
  @ticketini@morningkill@circuitvapor@rebeculla@HudsonHorizons: 1 times
rackap mentions:
  @omgitsrachel: 1 times
aliciacaine mentions:
  @ssilvestrone: 1 times
  @montanabusiness: 1 times
  @BozemanFoodCoop: 1 times
  @GDMtweet: 1 times
  @TheRealClint: 1 times
  @MontanaMonica: 1 times
  @AliciaCaine: 1 times
  @RM3mag: 1 times
adrielhampton mentions:
  @brendahaines: 1 times
  @VickiKunkel: 1 times
  @jayrosennyu: 1 times
  @MackCollier: 1 times
  @BethHarte: 1 times
djvectra mentions:
  @ShyOneBeats: 2 times
  @Blimeyworld: 1 times
  @urbannerds: 1 times
  @CityboyAks: 1 times
  @djshandy: 1 times
  @Djvectra: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @TrueTiger: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @: 1 times
berthagendoorn mentions:
  @darockie: 1 times
  @newwork: 1 times
insanexade mentions:
amandascookin mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
gmaweekend mentions:
  @abcdude: 1 times
  @abckatesnow: 1 times
  @billweir: 1 times
crystal_dunn mentions:
  @derekburress: 1 times
everettwash mentions:
  @citiesofwa: 1 times
  @moseslake: 1 times
  @wenatcheewash: 1 times
  @lakechelan: 1 times
  @yakimawash: 1 times
  @spokanewash: 1 times
  @tricitieswash: 1 times
glenpfeiffer mentions:
  @ErinJordanKOLD: 1 times
  @t9w: 1 times
  @jephjonez: 1 times
  @ShawnWallace: 1 times
  @shanselman: 1 times
  @crazeegeekchick: 1 times
  @MikeG1: 1 times
birdynumnumz mentions:
  @MindfullyChange: 1 times
  @RodChristiansen: 1 times
  @planetweaver: 1 times
  @HempNews: 1 times
  @contwext: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @noveloflife: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @ChrisOnAir: 1 times
breezeworld mentions:
  @peterfield1: 1 times
editorjules mentions:
  @behindthecut: 1 times
  @BadBoyOfEditing: 1 times
  @mikebullock: 1 times
  @pdxfilms: 1 times
baconbellyboy mentions:
1inamelia mentions:
  @artichoked: 1 times
  @sinaamedson: 1 times
  @nicholeaudrey: 1 times
  @jetset: 1 times
  @Randytayler: 1 times
zookahhookah mentions:
  @hookahlounge: 1 times
modernartrocks mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
rickbarrett mentions:
  @AsianMartin: 1 times
ckkohnle mentions:
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
antoniaz mentions:
  @aCitizenSoldier: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
  @feministfatale: 1 times
  @CodyK: 1 times
  @ryking: 1 times
  @TariAkpodiete: 1 times
  @nguerreiroj: 1 times
  @rosiered23: 1 times
andrewrwong mentions:
  @jimturner: 2 times
  @andrewrwong: 1 times
  @websuccessdiva: 1 times
indyenigma mentions:
emedesigns mentions:
tpagirl mentions:
  @dbroos: 1 times
zakschwank mentions:
  @awesomebrandishes: 1 times
carolcasey mentions:
  @GMAWeekend: 1 times
  @abcdude: 1 times
  @abckatesnow: 1 times
  @billweir: 1 times
stellarflare mentions:
  @kzoodedoo: 1 times
  @landscaping: 1 times
  @laNicheMusic: 1 times
  @lapauly: 1 times
  @LarisaBelliveau: 1 times
  @LeanDogPottery: 1 times
  @lesleyinnm: 1 times
physiologyprof mentions:
  @cdashiell: 1 times
  @ryking: 1 times
whiteboy_slim mentions:
  @followmethisfar: 1 times
  @azhumane: 1 times
cindycoloma mentions:
  @AndersonMoto: 1 times
  @darrrling: 1 times
  @justiniiams: 1 times
  @IHeartRedding: 1 times
  @CindyColoma: 1 times
  @Jbeaverette: 1 times
  @scifiwasabi: 1 times
t_iii mentions:
  @sstory: 1 times
  @senshuu: 1 times
  @insanexade: 1 times
  @jenniebreeden: 1 times
  @scottmccloud: 1 times
  @drunkenfools: 1 times
  @jhorsley3: 1 times
  @ancire: 1 times
  @takacomics: 1 times
  @ironspike: 1 times
  @vertigox: 1 times
tugaserio mentions:
  @luacintilante: 1 times
reactor88 mentions:
  @Dragatomi: 1 times
toptiddles mentions:
  @Dormousezzzz: 1 times
  @ScruffyPanther: 1 times
  @smartiej: 1 times
  @smudge372: 1 times
  @sunday: 1 times
  @toptiddles: 1 times
  @weava77: 1 times
  @Wendywitwoo: 1 times
  @wickedlibration: 1 times
brianbenham mentions:
  @randalltrandall: 1 times
  @brianbenham: 1 times
  @BryceChandler: 1 times
  @andersoncooper: 1 times
  @jasminegar: 1 times
heidenkind mentions:
  @ACRead: 1 times
  @ACstamped: 1 times
gaytheologian mentions:
  @AslanWRP: 1 times
  @singa: 1 times
  @SteveSinCa: 1 times
  @johnclint: 1 times
  @MelWhite: 1 times
writeoncreative mentions:
  @BWCMediAdvocacy: 1 times
  @kristirholmes: 1 times
  @BPrickett: 1 times
  @WriteOnCreative: 1 times
  @RBOAPR: 1 times
dlachusa mentions:
  @GinaBell: 1 times
  @lauracampbell: 1 times
  @cmutrie: 1 times
  @dlachusa: 1 times
  @philmutrie: 1 times
  @SherryALeigh: 1 times
  @BarbFullen: 1 times
  @ShannonCherry: 1 times
azprgal mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
sbombeck mentions:
  @rscibetti: 1 times
  @Meaghery: 1 times
  @sportsbusiness: 1 times
  @SBombeck: 1 times
  @TimNATC: 1 times
  @OntheDLPodcast: 1 times
  @joesportsfan: 1 times
  @thejetsblog: 1 times
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @khudak11: 1 times
mpondfield mentions:
  @snippetgarden: 1 times
emmamclaughlan mentions:
  @SLCollindridge: 1 times
  @Marymacstudios: 1 times
  @outragedesigns: 1 times
  @MusicalityMan: 1 times
  @wackyjacky1: 1 times
  @wrightstory: 1 times
goatsincoats mentions:
  @LavaLampLV: 1 times
  @doginyerpocket: 1 times
  @dogsandcats: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @suzyzheltie: 1 times
  @PameeJean: 1 times
  @GoatsinCoats: 1 times
  @JillyWisdom: 1 times
  @MandaBeth: 1 times
bunnynut mentions:
  @nandoism: 1 times
marylougall mentions:
  @hilljim: 1 times
rawjuicegirl mentions:
  @joshonefitness: 1 times
  @RawFoodNation: 1 times
  @rawvegan: 1 times
  @revvell: 1 times
  @RawJuiceGirl: 1 times
  @RawMe: 1 times
  @rawmodel: 1 times
  @RawPeople: 1 times
westshorescc mentions:
  @CoCoGal: 1 times
  @WigwamMotel: 1 times
  @TACVDRIVER: 1 times
  @AGreenThumb: 1 times
  @HillsideInnGreat: 1 times
demiwood mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMary: 1 times
  @thequiltingmama: 1 times
  @onekeenekat: 1 times
  @DianeBourque: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @luckyb52: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @demiwood: 1 times
keilwerth mentions:
  @diegorottman: 1 times
seblastien mentions:
  @Szetela: 1 times
heathcastor mentions:
  @stikr: 1 times
batmanobviously mentions:
  @rokkkrinn: 1 times
  @mombtweets: 1 times
  @dimitimomb: 1 times
ulboutique mentions:
  @lolavintage: 1 times
  @stylesmith: 1 times
  @marvelouskiddo: 1 times
  @deargolden: 1 times
  @jessjamesjake: 1 times
  @ThrushVintage: 1 times
  @RevivalHouse: 1 times
  @kristinhersh: 1 times
teanscones mentions:
  @JefferySelf: 1 times
  @JeffreySelf: 1 times
miraclesgoddess mentions:
  @yourimpact: 1 times
  @thetappingman: 1 times
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
  @serendipityjane: 1 times
  @janethilts: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
lightinggal mentions:
  @MarketingGal4U: 1 times
  @zenshine: 1 times
  @PrincessPoochie: 1 times
  @lightinggal: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @SamKnoll: 1 times
  @DOCGIGZDTF99BAN: 1 times
  @jjdb210: 1 times
  @DarrenSproat: 1 times
andreaaker mentions:
  @thworkingdad: 1 times
  @arizonaoddities: 1 times
  @jennkaye: 1 times
  @algfuentes: 1 times
  @bethcochran: 1 times
plmmama mentions:
  @NickDiRe: 1 times
  @MrsDiRe: 1 times
  @Capacid: 1 times
  @SinaAmedson: 1 times
  @HansKarl: 1 times
  @damisses2002: 1 times
lipsticklaundry mentions:
  @undasea: 1 times
fabviid mentions:
  @LeoWolfe: 1 times
  @masonentingh: 1 times
  @fabviid: 1 times
  @ste1987: 1 times
carechiang mentions:
  @jenfrase: 1 times
  @sandykate: 1 times
  @jswartz652: 1 times
  @lauratellsjokes: 1 times
  @pogue: 1 times
crushlovely mentions:
  @iloveplumcake: 1 times
  @rondominigue: 1 times
  @dauria: 1 times
  @stevecannon: 1 times
  @americanindie: 1 times
  @sorocksteady: 1 times
thecoloroffire mentions:
  @lisalampanelli: 1 times
  @marcstattooing: 1 times
  @iPTIB: 1 times
  @delanelyn: 1 times
  @tranquilmammoth: 1 times
  @robsheridan: 1 times
  @Trentreznor: 1 times
jonasquinn23 mentions:
  @WeLoveSummer: 1 times
khurammalik mentions:
  @EdEntrepreneur: 1 times
irockaberry mentions:
  @PhilHarrison: 1 times
  @PinkBerryGirl: 1 times
  @iRockaBerry: 1 times
pajamaspr mentions:
  @rbucich: 1 times
  @5minutesformom: 1 times
  @andreawarner: 1 times
  @pajamaspr: 1 times
  @BarbaraJones: 1 times
sdbargainmama mentions:
  @LotusAmy: 1 times
  @alanunderkofler: 1 times
charlieprofit mentions:
peacomputing mentions:
  @FHAVish: 1 times
debsdesigns401 mentions:
  @BitterMoonD: 1 times
bergerchris mentions:
  @wingspouse: 1 times
  @UnitedLinen: 1 times
gaylieo mentions:
  @MizFitOnline: 1 times
  @JewishTweets: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
toshi0104 mentions:
kenleopard mentions:
  @scattyjan: 1 times
  @mangowe: 1 times
csoltis mentions:
  @1001noisycamera: 1 times
  @celticcamera: 1 times
  @atdigit: 1 times
  @ruphotography: 1 times
  @kaiser412: 1 times
  @csoltis: 1 times
leonjd mentions:
  @tbtjuice: 1 times
  @alicat305: 1 times
  @AshelyLeAnn: 1 times
  @lisaotto: 1 times
  @christywild@Morningsidemom: 1 times
  @ccruner508: 1 times
  @CandaceBraun: 1 times
  @savvytampa: 1 times
butterflydi mentions:
  @MeXaCrAcKeR: 1 times
  @JustJayde: 1 times
  @SoulStorm: 1 times
  @HerEvilRoyalty: 1 times
  @Heoz: 1 times
hatednation mentions:
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @BlackMagic63: 1 times
  @anitamoncrief: 1 times
  @curlycurvy: 1 times
  @RTHTGakaRoland: 1 times
  @Noblahblahbama: 1 times
shing999 mentions:
  @j0shsanch3z: 1 times
  @gx5: 1 times
  @RaiderDave: 1 times
  @DarthMolen: 1 times
  @DemonFactory: 1 times
  @KevinI: 1 times
  @RossMiles: 1 times
  @BonelessThurs: 1 times
  @shing999: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @FanIQ: 1 times
dannyson1 mentions:
  @CobraCommander: 1 times
statik99 mentions:
  @AngelWardriver: 1 times
  @EMFK: 1 times
  @absolutelytrue: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @jamieharrington: 1 times
  @lyleses07: 1 times
  @adrian67: 1 times
  @MargotCross: 1 times
kina107 mentions:
  @ILLMcKenzie: 2 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @joolzp1: 1 times
  @DocLG: 1 times
  @butterflymaven: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
  @Kina107: 1 times
  @MySheriAmore: 1 times
timccurtis mentions:
  @AgilePoint: 1 times
  @andrewwoody: 1 times
  @henryong: 1 times
  @glapointe: 1 times
  @toddbaginski: 1 times
  @ChrisOBrien: 1 times
  @paulschaeflein: 1 times
  @itgroove: 1 times
rachaelearl mentions:
  @zakschwank: 1 times
  @rachaelearl: 1 times
  @sdohana: 1 times
nancydbrown mentions:
  @GoPlanit: 1 times
  @wendyperrin: 1 times
  @HeatherPoole: 1 times
  @TiffanyStrobel: 1 times
  @Nancydbrown: 1 times
  @jenleo: 1 times
hilaryshepherd mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @stefanbsp: 1 times
  @GossipGabbyGirl: 1 times
  @empirequeen: 1 times
  @celebmad: 1 times
  @KKardashianFan: 1 times
  @pazsaz: 1 times
  @RichGirlLowLife: 1 times
  @brooklyinbh: 1 times
coachkaren mentions:
  @Brightfarm: 1 times
teresadf mentions:
  @isweatbutter: 1 times
  @crystaldunn: 1 times
  @teresadf: 1 times
follow_central mentions:
  @chomaee: 1 times
  @JaneneG: 1 times
  @StewWriter: 1 times
  @yourprogs: 1 times
  @davehassellband: 1 times
  @MagnusWallin: 1 times
dennislarkin mentions:
  @lisabreedt: 1 times
  @marizaosorio: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @themunny: 1 times
  @hmigroupllc: 1 times
themaineohhh mentions:
  @jakeinbake: 10 times
bhanks mentions:
  @CJHatter: 1 times
  @AdamIssac: 1 times
  @FlashYourShorts: 1 times
  @thejoshuablog: 1 times
  @QueerjohnPA: 1 times
  @ZackTeibloom: 1 times
  @CommissionerAnt: 1 times
  @lid86: 1 times
  @riwired: 1 times
  @QCWofNC: 1 times
lesliebradshaw mentions:
  @thekenyeung: 1 times
  @gregcangialosi: 1 times
  @allnick: 1 times
  @geoffliving: 1 times
  @shashib: 1 times
  @jess3: 1 times
mysmallpotatoes mentions:
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @KingJames773: 1 times
  @sberman76: 1 times
  @DaleWhite: 1 times
  @rebeculla: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @gaudart: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
webhead20 mentions:
  @avelient: 1 times
  @SamHowat: 1 times
  @YahyaHenry: 1 times
  @artarmstrong: 1 times
  @michelletripp: 1 times
  @JennaSnacks: 1 times
  @RicochetPRedu: 1 times
  @scortina: 1 times
motley1981 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
cruisebuzz mentions:
  @dreamTsuk193: 1 times
  @MiSsWeTwEt2033: 2 times
  @LivingRheum: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @EricColburn: 1 times
  @cruisebuzz: 1 times
  @rhymeskillzprod: 1 times
elizabethgray mentions:
  @itweetart: 1 times
  @brazilianart: 1 times
  @larkin: 1 times
  @primatage: 1 times
  @thatchmaster: 1 times
  @Kiva: 1 times
  @writeinink: 1 times
lady_hawke41 mentions:
fyodorfish mentions:
  @DrewAtHitFix: 1 times
  @scottEweinberg: 1 times
  @ErikDavis: 1 times
  @willschiff: 1 times
  @moiseschiu: 1 times
  @twitchfilm: 1 times
  @themarina: 1 times
  @filmjunk: 1 times
  @MovieMoxie: 1 times
hannieandcombs mentions:
  @: 1 times
followmethisfar mentions:
  @WhiteboySlim: 1 times
mikehenrysr mentions:
  @royatkinson: 1 times
fiona_s mentions:
  @thethinktank: 1 times
dasocial1 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @DaSocial1: 1 times
lyndseydavis mentions:
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @lovecreating: 1 times
  @musicgirl87: 1 times
  @lyndseydavis: 1 times
  @barbaraduke: 1 times
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
geopdx mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
bobwhite7 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
charli__x mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
lunik1 mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @freedebate: 1 times
julie_bush mentions:
  @tjsilverlake: 1 times
  @susanorlean: 1 times
  @elmoreleonard: 1 times
  @SarahKSilverman: 1 times
  @juliebush: 1 times
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
queenstreasures mentions:
  @PwrWheelerChris: 1 times
  @mojoballzy: 1 times
  @QueensTreasures: 1 times
  @shouv: 1 times
  @shopitla: 1 times
  @nearlyfamous: 1 times
dailysnark mentions:
  @umwhat: 1 times
  @iamdebra: 1 times
jeffstl mentions:
  @pauseandreflect: 1 times
hippeesooz mentions:
  @furiousworld: 1 times
jashcandymatt mentions:
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
joshonefitness mentions:
  @Intentdotcom: 1 times
  @OneCampaign: 1 times
  @Kiva: 1 times
  @girleffect: 1 times
  @oxfam: 1 times
  @unicefusa: 1 times
black_mamba mentions:
  @Bak: 1 times
garageenvy mentions:
  @TexasDrive: 1 times
  @theautowriter: 1 times
  @insidelinecom: 1 times
  @NADAguides: 1 times
  @carguyTX: 1 times
  @Weissach: 1 times
  @truecar: 1 times
  @trapster: 1 times
justicelivesnot mentions:
  @RandyInman: 1 times
  @jakematic: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @TracyBrinkmann: 1 times
visit_temecula mentions:
  @temeculawine: 1 times
  @pontewinery: 1 times
  @tastingroom: 1 times
  @scwinery: 1 times
  @stuartwinery: 1 times
hooba1 mentions:
crisrepoles mentions:
  @EDDYHigherEd: 1 times
  @elearnersdotcom: 1 times
  @onlineschool: 1 times
  @StudyingAbroad: 1 times
  @eduguru: 1 times
  @pbsteachers: 1 times
  @BBCeducation: 1 times
tvscreener mentions:
  @angelcohn: 1 times
  @stevenbcohn: 1 times
  @BravoAndy: 1 times
  @altgeldshrugged: 1 times
  @bsideblog: 1 times
  @TerryBernardino: 1 times
sheilamking mentions:
  @CraigGoWagon: 1 times
mrmcclain mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
reshadn mentions:
  @Idealrespect: 1 times
  @IslamicRelief: 1 times
gigiscrazyday mentions:
  @hanajibufollowfriday: 1 times
  @ActivityGrrrl: 1 times
  @leekingx3: 1 times
  @Korashime: 1 times
  @SCCSkwerl: 1 times
  @gigiscrazyday: 1 times
mags_ryan mentions:
  @DoctorCarlisle: 1 times
  @EdwardACullen: 1 times
  @BellaMCullen: 1 times
  @NessCullen: 1 times
  @RosalieCullen: 1 times
  @nomadcharlotte: 1 times
  @tanyaDenali: 1 times
harlemlanes mentions:
anotorias mentions:
  @bwank: 1 times
  @CEPSocksanne: 1 times
  @martinboz: 1 times
  @smellycents: 1 times
  @262RUNR: 1 times
argenispaul mentions:
  @blove212: 2 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @genedthecure: 1 times
  @joshwink1: 1 times
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @fitnessnewslist: 1 times
  @Argenispaul: 1 times
  @npyskater: 1 times
pdx_grenade mentions:
  @DannyKass: 1 times
  @KevinCasillo: 1 times
  @ShredUnion: 1 times
  @TeamWrecktAngle: 1 times
  @dpylyp: 1 times
  @bttmfc: 1 times
jorgepontual mentions:
  @elisamancio: 1 times
  @elson: 1 times
  @Annyllinha: 1 times
  @Maycow: 1 times
  @carvalhoadriano: 1 times
  @felipetmartins: 1 times
  @anajardim: 1 times
  @Theus88: 1 times
  @adrianapaiva: 1 times
nerdysarah mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
celav mentions:
  @SiobhanOliver: 1 times
  @darraghdoyle: 1 times
  @ALOliver: 1 times
  @EmeraldDiscount: 1 times
  @elainerogers: 1 times
btocher mentions:
  @leithfmradio: 1 times
  @thecoast107: 1 times
tweet_newz mentions:
  @JustinPhillips: 1 times
  @justinphillips: 1 times
  @breakingweather: 1 times
  @johnteshradio: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @thecareer100: 1 times
  @freelancefolder: 1 times
  @bigbley: 1 times
cosmicpolitan mentions:
  @phynn: 1 times
  @TiffLacey: 1 times
  @ilunamanna: 1 times
  @4evaurgurl: 1 times
  @akaDQ: 1 times
  @austmathr: 1 times
ingridfuller mentions:
youthmentoring mentions:
  @hoolieboo: 1 times
  @hecklington: 1 times
cassadew mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
espnxgames mentions:
  @prodfans: 1 times
  @PlanbProd: 1 times
  @PRIMITIVE: 1 times
  @ProofSkateVideo: 1 times
  @terrykennedyfs: 1 times
  @RyanSheckler: 1 times
  @robdyrdek: 1 times
  @erickoston: 1 times
  @itsplg: 1 times
felipetmartins mentions:
  @JorgePontual: 1 times
jrgn mentions:
  @realdarthvader: 1 times
  @gaBeweb: 1 times
marismith mentions:
  @ericlofholm: 1 times
  @jcanfield: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
  @sharonlechter: 1 times
  @marcishimoff: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @mickmoore: 1 times
  @mariasimone: 1 times
  @supercamp: 1 times
  @DCCordova: 1 times
mubix mentions:
  @pragmatk: 1 times
chrisjlee mentions:
  @goaliemom31: 1 times
  @specialhockey: 1 times
dbedeau mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
steckles mentions:
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @fxp123: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @HomeBuddies: 1 times
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
  @drharvey: 1 times
  @centerpe: 1 times
adambomba mentions:
  @choosespun: 1 times
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @clutch22: 1 times
  @alixrose: 1 times
  @jessestrada: 1 times
  @agentnoir: 1 times
  @greedygrechen: 1 times
  @AdamBomba: 1 times
mr_wiggly mentions:
  @MrSabur: 1 times
  @LaryaGG: 1 times
  @LITHIUMPICNIC: 1 times
  @chaselisbon: 1 times
  @xjox: 1 times
  @CrackcessHWood: 1 times
  @Farahgodsgirls: 1 times
  @JustinCali: 1 times
yoko71 mentions:
  @DaisyKary: 1 times
  @IamTam: 1 times
  @SnehaVP: 1 times
weirdguitardude mentions:
  @kellygarmusic: 1 times
lynlasneski mentions:
  @PamelaM: 1 times
  @magnusholmgren: 1 times
  @lynlasneski: 1 times
thecarchik mentions:
  @AngelWardriver: 1 times
  @anderzole: 1 times
  @TalSiach: 1 times
  @BartGatsby: 1 times
  @dan360man: 1 times
  @rdeal1: 1 times
  @mklopez: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @buzzedition: 1 times
  @Bites85: 1 times
  @mrbabyman: 1 times
reallorigeorge mentions:
  @iStone: 1 times
  @JohnBishop: 1 times
  @gabrielwilson: 1 times
  @mikeebridges: 1 times
  @RealLoriGeorge: 1 times
randyinman mentions:
  @TemerityMag: 1 times
  @EWEverson: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @chastity1111: 1 times
  @akronohiohomes: 1 times
kirstinferrie mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tharealeemajors mentions:
  @therealxsf: 1 times
  @berner415: 1 times
  @BrothaLynchHung: 1 times
  @THAREALEEMAJORS: 1 times
  @BasedBoi: 1 times
  @theJacka: 1 times
  @GoldenMeanPK: 1 times
  @mattblaque: 1 times
  @Legendgary: 1 times
trx0x mentions:
  @cafecyan: 1 times
bonafidemuzik mentions:
  @AdrienneBailon: 1 times
  @AOutrageous: 1 times
  @BonafideMuzik: 1 times
  @BrittNic0Le: 1 times
  @deeeelasoul: 1 times
  @DesireeCarey: 1 times
  @dopebtch: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
sandrapena mentions:
  @PrimaJess: 1 times
  @sandrapena: 1 times
  @karlihenriquez: 1 times
  @westsidegyrl: 1 times
  @raqc: 1 times
  @SomayaReece: 1 times
  @primajonly: 1 times
famouskiannalee mentions:
  @SHESBAD: 1 times
  @famouskiannalee: 1 times
  @familiarface: 1 times
rugger_lav mentions:
  @safekidsusa: 1 times
  @childhealthdata: 1 times
  @ChildrensMemHos: 1 times
  @speaknowforkids: 1 times
hotspur_1882 mentions:
  @SauberRG: 1 times
  @Hotspur1882: 1 times
hhhancock mentions:
  @alliedickinson: 1 times
mama2kings mentions:
  @Mama2Kings: 2 times
  @dancingalone39: 1 times
  @tuttle88: 1 times
msholy mentions:
  @MissionILY: 2 times
janeson59 mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @cometoroanoke: 1 times
  @loltrish: 1 times
  @mrsdalucks: 1 times
  @wrealizer: 1 times
ohmydodd mentions:
  @TimoteoM: 1 times
  @nathanielhyatt: 1 times
  @inIZworld: 1 times
  @skipegirl61: 1 times
  @BeccaBelle83: 1 times
  @JimmyNeedham: 1 times
  @kleemana: 1 times
kelleymitchell mentions:
  @ChicagoDesign: 1 times
invictus215 mentions:
  @0Frank: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @0Frank@EarthFire: 1 times
  @hottnicks64: 1 times
  @billzucker: 1 times
  @stevensparkman: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
  @Speaker99: 1 times
snikiddy mentions:
  @mamapigeon: 2 times
  @a49erfangirl: 1 times
  @rantraveroll: 1 times
  @CajunFerreira: 1 times
  @galtime: 1 times
  @mylapa: 1 times
roughlyfamous mentions:
  @Stalwartcom: 1 times
  @ConsultMyAgent: 1 times
  @amber1230: 1 times
  @juliewright: 1 times
  @roughlyfamous: 1 times
  @jschnack: 1 times
  @arybar: 1 times
  @FinancialPR: 1 times
  @SarahZ: 1 times
kwizgiver mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bethanyinfl mentions:
  @hellovino: 1 times
sugartastic mentions:
  @LilithHecate: 1 times
  @MalloryRayne: 1 times
  @MadameDoo: 1 times
  @djaaries: 1 times
  @jishian: 1 times
  @Kubr1ck: 1 times
  @damarisens: 1 times
  @jk187: 1 times
  @AkaiEngarde: 1 times
  @TexCub: 1 times
  @TrainerAbu: 1 times
rtbest mentions:
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
  @celebtrivia: 1 times
  @rtbest: 1 times
  @BrowsePeople: 1 times
  @RideshareCo: 1 times
stefanrenz mentions:
  @latinjazzmecca: 1 times
  @HavanaNewYork: 1 times
  @donlatino: 1 times
  @chipboaz: 1 times
  @centromusical: 1 times
  @pinoysalsero: 1 times
  @salsaagenda: 1 times
ep4sanity mentions:
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @StayGolden13: 1 times
  @gunkey: 1 times
  @wyenny: 1 times
  @BuddyRabbit: 1 times
  @bostonrandy: 1 times
  @iTodd: 1 times
  @NinjaNick: 1 times
  @trickyxian: 1 times
  @KevRightWinger: 1 times
  @ds: 1 times
asheleybg mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
bicoastalite mentions:
  @cNicRun: 1 times
  @chicrunner: 1 times
  @runnersrambles: 1 times
  @ginaharris1: 1 times
  @HellaSound: 1 times
  @TLM26: 1 times
  @heathersRunning: 1 times
  @sheilamking: 1 times
  @262RUNR: 1 times
evolvewell mentions:
  @moreniches: 1 times
  @LindaStanford: 1 times
iggypintado mentions:
  @jamesmassola: 1 times
  @wonderwebby: 1 times
  @CherylFehlberg: 1 times
  @yellekau: 1 times
  @KerryPintado: 1 times
  @julieposetti: 1 times
  @joetalcott: 1 times
  @drwarwick: 1 times
  @dreamingspires: 1 times
acummings mentions:
  @benjaminbach: 1 times
ecodecor mentions:
  @bambeco: 1 times
  @GreenMuze: 1 times
  @altCON: 1 times
  @makufurniture: 1 times
  @luxeredux: 1 times
  @ecodecor: 1 times
  @woot: 1 times
  @RexandRegina: 1 times
  @coolmompicks: 1 times
  @designmom: 1 times
hollisrocks mentions:
  @dyricci: 1 times
  @hollisrocks: 1 times
  @BettyX: 1 times
  @gotimeseattle: 1 times
  @kegrocks: 1 times
giclee mentions:
  @hjmart: 1 times
  @raebarney: 1 times
  @kookychick: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @retrothreadz: 1 times
  @CelestaKrantz: 1 times
  @AgingBackwards: 1 times
storyofmylife mentions:
  @thinktunk: 1 times
  @StoryofMyLife: 1 times
angelcakes822 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
justobserving mentions:
danieldanger mentions:
  @1MO4U2LUV: 1 times
ironicapricot mentions:
cupid4fun mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @AnalPodcast: 1 times
  @dtdschmidty: 1 times
  @darkhairguy: 1 times
  @phildaddy606: 1 times
  @EroticPlaygrnd: 1 times
  @IcAd0N: 1 times
  @OnlySexyGirls: 1 times
  @Wolfcraaft: 1 times
vegluvgrl mentions:
  @silvertales: 1 times
cbcwinery mentions:
  @EaglesNestWine: 1 times
  @enobytes: 1 times
  @winecountrydog: 1 times
  @JeanEdwardsWine: 1 times
  @travessia: 1 times
  @WineLabelReview: 1 times
  @cultvines: 1 times
  @VieWinery: 1 times
corybeezy mentions:
  @browneyes803: 1 times
  @CoryBeezy: 1 times
  @PhatCrayonz: 1 times
yrjewelrygal mentions:
  @FireWorksPYOP: 1 times
  @YRJewelryGal: 1 times
  @iheartrocknroll: 1 times
  @dooce: 1 times
  @UofMaryland: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
gregular mentions:
  @lisaaxmariee: 1 times
  @gregular: 1 times
  @MikeyBathurst2: 1 times
  @tomd2: 1 times
  @MichEsh: 1 times
  @LucasHilton: 1 times
djshakespeare mentions:
  @TheOriginators: 1 times
  @skinemufuca: 1 times
  @DJShakespeare: 1 times
  @MobZombie: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @AskAboutLUST: 1 times
  @4down: 1 times
  @CANCEROUSONE: 1 times
jamimiami mentions:
  @gopalo: 1 times
cperez85 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
hellovino mentions:
  @BethanyinFL: 1 times
  @hellovino: 1 times
barbarahauck mentions:
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @EdenSol: 1 times
  @LOALoveCoach: 1 times
  @marley1964: 1 times
  @SolColorado: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @NaturalHealthEd: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMary: 1 times
cmfcknw mentions:
  @Tacoshack27: 1 times
  @cmfcknw: 1 times
coffeewithjim mentions:
  @homilies: 1 times
  @Liturgist: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @psalmistone: 1 times
  @myfoxnation: 1 times
  @IsraelNewsNow: 1 times
ljs_lexxa mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
idiotpatrol mentions:
  @IdiotPatrol: 1 times
angiecat mentions:
  @goadzzoo: 1 times
lahlootea mentions:
  @trethowansdairy@winematcher@bristolfoodwine@mitchtonks: 1 times
hules mentions:
  @alinamartin: 1 times
  @karlkovacs: 1 times
  @kerken: 1 times
  @safegeek: 1 times
  @dink9966: 1 times
  @cptpoland: 1 times
  @rlesueur: 1 times
engagingireland mentions:
  @jetsetteblog: 1 times
idassets mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
sylvworld mentions:
  @MrHowells: 1 times
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
hunterf mentions:
  @tomselleck69: 1 times
queensonly mentions:
  @MarkClayson: 1 times
  @grecianbarbie: 1 times
  @HumanityCritic: 1 times
  @DiggsWayne: 1 times
  @BatmanVaPromotr: 1 times
  @SocialistSqurrl: 1 times
  @MsAngelaRenee: 1 times
  @creolesugar: 1 times
lasunda mentions:
  @fakealiens: 1 times
  @danerussell: 1 times
  @jacquefresco: 1 times
  @odito: 1 times
  @carolinaboy: 1 times
  @scary: 1 times
  @heycassadee: 1 times
justin_a mentions:
  @gokrissygo: 1 times
ikki_oo mentions:
  @MandyPandy32: 1 times
  @MandyPandy: 1 times
cr8tivecitizen mentions:
  @JamesHanusa: 1 times
pdparker mentions:
  @aktiff08: 1 times
martinschecter mentions:
  @angelswilliam: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @mattbastard: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
deannasworld mentions:
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @TechGlance: 1 times
  @AJHajir: 1 times
  @Courtnee4Christ: 1 times
  @0frank: 1 times
  @MOCAShop: 1 times
  @lotay: 1 times
cdngal_ps mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
chadteverson mentions:
  @genarito: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @money4tweets: 1 times
  @PokerStacey: 1 times
  @openrsm: 1 times
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @abssd: 1 times
matthewbredel mentions:
  @jeremybuff: 1 times
ron_d_aron mentions:
  @LAmusicacademy: 1 times
  @fender: 1 times
  @theroxy: 1 times
  @talkmusic: 1 times
  @notreble: 1 times
  @ZildjianCompany: 1 times
  @FUHollywood: 1 times
  @wannaplaybynamm: 1 times
  @TheGRAMMYs: 1 times
expert_image mentions:
  @Lmoor: 1 times
  @ExpertImage: 1 times
swedeheartstore mentions:
  @RustBeltThreads: 1 times
  @TialeyVintage: 1 times
  @swedeheartstore: 1 times
  @ChinChinVintage: 1 times
  @eashleyvintage: 1 times
  @objetpetita: 1 times
  @funkomavintage: 1 times
  @moddities: 1 times
stevesoffa mentions:
  @UrbanGirlYoga: 1 times
  @OrianneD: 1 times
  @Amalaya: 1 times
spicydonut mentions:
  @mofoz: 1 times
czatheceo mentions:
  @PARKPLACEMTGRT: 1 times
  @ShawnFabulous: 1 times
  @FlicksandFood: 1 times
  @Appasi: 1 times
  @dellgirl: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @culinarycara: 1 times
suzanesimas mentions:
  @hypnogajafollowfriday: 1 times
  @djshyboy: 1 times
  @clubbootie: 1 times
  @nubar: 1 times
  @kristinasky: 1 times
  @bryanfuller: 1 times
  @sammyallenmusic: 1 times
  @nellieolesons: 1 times
mtworks mentions:
  @theatretips: 1 times
  @TheTorchTheatre: 1 times
jennsicu mentions:
  @badbanana: 1 times
  @Sammanthia: 1 times
  @miafreedman: 1 times
  @damevegas: 1 times
  @mom2my6pack: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @iamcomingundone: 1 times
  @JohnnyHorror30: 1 times
  @toldorknown: 1 times
alexkaris mentions:
  @KimCastle: 1 times
manutf mentions:
  @Vegkitch: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @JMadIV: 1 times
  @notforsale: 1 times
  @MattAlston: 1 times
  @manutf: 1 times
  @KeishaCarter: 1 times
alwysthnkn mentions:
  @megparker: 1 times
teri8d mentions:
  @PopArtDiva: 1 times
  @HeidiCaswell: 1 times
  @pamelaarcher: 1 times
  @happynutrition: 1 times
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
  @Travelingbob: 1 times
  @Rosiehorner: 1 times
  @rayhorner: 1 times
niggles817 mentions:
  @grantimahara: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
sprinces mentions:
  @majorwifey: 1 times
  @Sprinces: 1 times
  @RosyPosy: 1 times
  @spottedsparrow: 1 times
  @lorenglish: 1 times
  @mfmakichen: 1 times
  @libertydoll: 1 times
madysondesigns mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
markrosch mentions:
  @ABABarServices: 1 times
  @statebaroftexas: 1 times
  @osba: 1 times
  @arkbar: 1 times
  @PBCBarPres: 1 times
  @ctbar: 1 times
  @oba: 1 times
  @loubarassoc: 1 times
kittylair mentions:
  @JymNBC4: 1 times
supitzkevin mentions:
  @seanskeez: 1 times
  @rickyrescue: 1 times
  @mrelias: 1 times
  @chrisybby: 1 times
ugwellness mentions:
  @kaysunmusic: 1 times
madametwit mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
jtactivemgmt mentions:
  @thinksplendid: 1 times
  @mak: 1 times
col_rockies mentions:
  @goslow53: 1 times
dannytopping mentions:
  @hmigroupllc: 1 times
  @copywriting: 1 times
  @JefNance: 1 times
  @Frederic925: 1 times
latinosatwork mentions:
  @susanwhitcomb: 1 times
  @JobHuntOrg: 1 times
  @CEOCoach: 1 times
  @KCCareerCoach: 1 times
  @ParachuteGuy: 1 times
  @resumeservice: 1 times
  @barbarasafani: 1 times
  @louisefletcher: 1 times
nightafternight mentions:
  @mg1228: 1 times
dharmabob mentions:
  @Aluciel: 1 times
  @bklynphotobabe: 1 times
  @internetgurrl: 1 times
  @oneluvgurl: 1 times
  @KathyWriter: 1 times
  @sleepjunky: 1 times
  @coffeefaery: 1 times
marilynstannett mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @lifeisgood24: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
  @PowerSellingMom: 1 times
  @CBMW: 1 times
  @holywoodblvd: 1 times
j_monopoly mentions:
  @missawalkerFollowFriday: 1 times
  @CASHNY: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
  @shayimani: 1 times
  @Lovelygirl20: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @LALuVerGyrL: 1 times
  @VocallyBlessed: 1 times
  @JMonopoly: 1 times
fabisevilha mentions:
  @malubema: 1 times
knikkim mentions:
  @keifel: 1 times
  @grimeys: 1 times
  @nashvillest: 1 times
  @belcourt: 1 times
  @thebasementnash: 1 times
  @theryman: 1 times
  @nashforfree: 1 times
  @nashvillescene: 1 times
stormyweatherz mentions:
  @belovelloso: 1 times
  @mabelvelloso: 1 times
  @marisaorth: 1 times
  @rockazine: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @svetok: 1 times
  @perthtones: 1 times
  @REngle: 1 times
  @randallhaws: 1 times
  @DianaRusso: 1 times
jeffandrews mentions:
  @psstudiodpi: 1 times
maalbert mentions:
  @POTUS: 1 times
mbegin mentions:
  @bikermbegin: 1 times
peterpositive mentions:
vaincreep mentions:
  @sabra14: 1 times
  @newcomedians: 1 times
  @jmortonscott: 1 times
  @AlanasAchievers: 1 times
  @ucinema: 1 times
  @lutlucky: 1 times
  @anthonycastro3: 1 times
  @bruceyeah: 1 times
  @vuevents: 1 times
girrrlyouonfire mentions:
  @RayRetaliation: 1 times
  @erniehalter: 1 times
  @GoDiePlz: 1 times
  @vibesix: 1 times
  @Seansmoma: 1 times
  @xpartofitx: 1 times
  @thephantomecho: 1 times
  @JaeFradette: 1 times
souljah2dasky mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @Souljah2dasky: 1 times
kngfu mentions:
  @onf: 1 times
  @whoweareca: 1 times
lelpune mentions:
  @MumofSix: 1 times
  @NixithePixie: 1 times
team25 mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
poshmom mentions:
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @nycmom: 1 times
  @tartecosmetics: 1 times
  @aboshnack: 1 times
  @organizedhome: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
ticachu mentions:
  @ATLCheap: 1 times
ducttape19 mentions:
  @TexDolly: 1 times
msgourmet mentions:
  @MyMelange: 1 times
marioruivo mentions:
  @QEstatisticos: 1 times
  @CienciasExactas: 1 times
  @SentireSentidos: 1 times
  @AlmaViva: 1 times
  @CienciasHumanas: 1 times
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @ncosta24: 1 times
  @ZinhaPintoBull: 1 times
wefollowu mentions:
  @TamaraSchilling: 2 times
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @delmonifieth: 1 times
  @xanderburgess: 1 times
  @tammyrobbins: 1 times
  @wefollowu: 1 times
kewiki mentions:
  @musiccityace: 1 times
  @ninasplayground: 1 times
  @theatomicmommy: 1 times
  @Auntof14: 1 times
  @charmedimsure: 1 times
  @kaylynsmom: 1 times
  @SenoritaSparkit: 1 times
  @adaywithjake: 1 times
seekbritney mentions:
  @marihoe: 1 times
  @ChantelleDaily: 1 times
  @shawncorson: 1 times
  @adamdailycom: 1 times
  @AlwaysMiley: 1 times
  @TisdaleSmiles: 1 times
  @jordinsparksorg: 1 times
  @PaulCMusic: 1 times
  @MrTop8: 1 times
louisvelazquez mentions:
  @Knightslayer777: 1 times
  @Trickortweet: 1 times
  @gedave2525: 1 times
  @HorseyJesse: 1 times
  @jenrenemunoz7: 1 times
  @kc0eks: 1 times
  @kuraihime: 1 times
  @trixietraci: 1 times
wonderjenn mentions:
  @nomadnp: 1 times
  @angelicrebel2: 1 times
  @supertim: 1 times
  @geekgirldiva: 1 times
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @ocdavenger: 1 times
  @palaemon: 1 times
  @njbear: 1 times
  @vactor: 1 times
wifeofwriter mentions:
  @popchips: 1 times
drnelk mentions:
  @gcgreg: 1 times
catskittyns mentions:
  @OoffAhh: 1 times
jencorbett mentions:
  @perfectvenue: 1 times
otoolefan mentions:
  @shoq: 1 times
  @liberalchik: 1 times
  @DanielVergara: 1 times
  @WeeLaura: 1 times
  @GottaLaff: 1 times
  @EatEmAndSmile: 1 times
  @SavageMike: 1 times
  @jfkfan: 1 times
  @geoff9cow: 1 times
  @cdashiell: 1 times
  @missno: 1 times
digitalberto mentions:
  @tarynvonfabu: 1 times
  @putterlover: 1 times
chefswidow mentions:
  @chefswidow: 1 times
  @ruhlman: 1 times
  @thegreenhouse: 1 times
  @mdsymon: 1 times
  @michellev: 1 times
  @eatingcleveland: 1 times
  @kyleroth: 1 times
  @clevelandsaplum: 1 times
eatthislens mentions:
  @finoaustin: 1 times
  @winkrestaurant: 1 times
mhking mentions:
  @RobinWalker: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @Apriss: 1 times
  @toomanyproblems: 1 times
  @MagneticWoman: 1 times
  @butterflymaven: 1 times
  @DigitalAtlanta: 1 times
  @tommylandry: 1 times
  @WhymenGrindin: 1 times
catralita mentions:
  @roddybottum: 1 times
fabdesigner mentions:
  @serenevistas: 1 times
  @houseandhome: 1 times
  @lieghtonoc: 1 times
  @frandrescher: 1 times
  @iEats: 1 times
  @DonnaKat: 1 times
  @scotsmanstuart: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @: 1 times
hostx mentions:
  @ramon82: 2 times
  @boechat: 1 times
  @willianmax: 1 times
  @MustaBR: 1 times
  @mathiaskroy: 1 times
classytweetr mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @adamostrow: 1 times
  @sharonfeder: 1 times
  @jbruin: 1 times
  @adamhirsch: 1 times
  @benparr: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @tamar: 1 times
ifuseekaimie mentions:
  @OzzyMovie: 1 times
  @MrJackO: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
  @Blasko666: 1 times
  @MercenaryMgmt: 1 times
allantowns mentions:
  @deansguide: 1 times
  @davidhenderson: 1 times
melanes mentions:
  @MarkRiffey: 1 times
  @Kfasanella: 1 times
juliserrano mentions:
  @luserrano: 1 times
  @jesSKoVa: 1 times
  @eukarolyi: 1 times
  @andreslr19: 1 times
  @itandehuism: 1 times
  @lupislicious: 1 times
  @marianne00: 1 times
darielacruz mentions:
  @inspiritu: 1 times
  @frommystudio: 1 times
va4hire mentions:
  @JanetGomez: 1 times
  @deborahflate: 1 times
  @andreachin: 1 times
  @lynnlee: 1 times
  @andreacinnamond: 1 times
  @RebekahZJones: 1 times
rocksandalee mentions:
  @burlee: 1 times
andjelija mentions:
  @Pepperfire: 1 times
  @ChrisBlake: 1 times
  @LynnDorman: 1 times
dustyedwards mentions:
  @phaoloo: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @hashphotoshop: 1 times
  @ChrisGuimarin: 1 times
  @AnnaOBrien: 1 times
  @cyphertek: 1 times
  @bruxedo: 1 times
  @NerdBoyTV: 1 times
  @Emberr: 1 times
  @IsaacVanName: 1 times
udi_nir mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
comic_book_geek mentions:
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
talulahstarr mentions:
  @ShirleeManahan: 1 times
  @andychrism: 1 times
  @hipEchik: 1 times
  @DTCahill: 1 times
  @decidedlyright: 1 times
  @FreedomNJ: 1 times
  @reverielarke: 1 times
  @TalulahStarr: 1 times
alternacrafts mentions:
  @Thyme2dream: 1 times
bevello mentions:
  @toutie: 1 times
  @bevello: 1 times
redwoodred mentions:
  @burnsy06: 1 times
  @emajik: 1 times
  @hcurrier: 1 times
  @flexvector: 1 times
  @sixtwosix: 1 times
  @holdfast1979: 1 times
  @calabash11: 1 times
  @ChrisCavs: 1 times
irant mentions:
  @kristanichole: 1 times
  @ZachHuizenga: 1 times
janetedin mentions:
  @weirdchina: 1 times
brightfarm mentions:
  @goodlaura: 1 times
theskuguy mentions:
  @Pensm: 1 times
johnilouise mentions:
  @HennArtOnline: 1 times
balb_ss mentions:
  @srtaiscudeler: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @FollowFridayKid: 1 times
  @NumbEncore: 1 times
nisti2 mentions:
  @twittingmadrid: 1 times
  @guitarlessons7g: 1 times
wardswoods mentions:
  @micknugent: 1 times
  @rwAtheist: 1 times
  @zipzink: 1 times
  @whatdayathink: 1 times
  @TabyCat74: 1 times
  @LuciferSkyDemon: 1 times
thesafespace mentions:
  @madecoalition: 1 times
  @covenanthouse: 1 times
  @braveryproject: 1 times
  @thenspcc: 1 times
  @laurelhousePA: 1 times
  @MADEcoalition: 1 times
  @survivornetwork: 1 times
oakvillerealtor mentions:
  @benjaminbach: 1 times
dawnmarieh mentions:
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @LynSue: 1 times
  @Suzyqbee10: 1 times
  @wandasanchez: 1 times
  @westcoastman: 1 times
  @jonezing4pizza: 1 times
  @erthymamma: 1 times
  @ZenShadow: 1 times
  @vesselproject: 1 times
  @dpillie: 1 times
dominiquerdr mentions:
  @ktumulty: 1 times
  @hchuaeoan: 1 times
  @time: 1 times
ghofs mentions:
  @millymarie: 1 times
  @gigi4462: 1 times
  @GHOFS: 1 times
  @Liasonlover: 1 times
  @Suspira44: 1 times
bettyfellows mentions:
  @iranisfahan: 1 times
  @WeStandAs1: 1 times
  @thir13en: 1 times
  @joelmacdonald: 1 times
melissa808 mentions:
  @khaimtran: 1 times
brunothedog mentions:
  @DogFromBeyond: 1 times
  @MulderCat: 1 times
  @DixieBelle: 1 times
  @SophiePetunia: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @RockumSockum: 1 times
  @gingeebee: 1 times
  @SheltieWorld: 1 times
brentmartell mentions:
  @jefffishburn: 1 times
jcsimonds mentions:
  @pauletteensign: 1 times
  @shelhorowitz: 1 times
liana_b_nana mentions:
  @brettdennen: 1 times
  @bearheadedgirl: 1 times
  @mayersbelle: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @wednesdayzchild: 1 times
  @lilbuddha04: 1 times
  @PamsLove: 1 times
  @nicolerichie: 1 times
  @lostonparadise: 1 times
davidplexco mentions:
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
  @Katetheright: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @Kokopelligrl: 1 times
  @RachBker: 1 times
  @LaurieBailey: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @Kristamaloney: 1 times
  @libertydancer: 1 times
thedragonofdoom mentions:
  @gayatheist: 1 times
  @TheDragonOfDoom: 1 times
  @beyondmythology: 1 times
  @WhiteHeronMI: 1 times
  @Bgfilly: 1 times
  @RobLives4Love: 1 times
  @elizapi: 1 times
  @greenthumbnails: 1 times
  @QueerjohnPA: 1 times
genosworld mentions:
  @Bighit15: 1 times
  @Genosworld: 1 times
jimonlight mentions:
pjiii mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @PetsBestFriend: 1 times
  @willisteam: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @lilsis1957: 1 times
  @squeakmouse73: 1 times
  @jtdachtler: 1 times
  @PJIII: 1 times
  @TimE: 1 times
masonwest mentions:
  @COLABORATORYfollowfriday: 1 times
  @reardonk: 1 times
  @ottrpop: 1 times
  @brittanycalvert: 1 times
  @emaydavis: 1 times
marigo mentions:
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @beijingfairmont: 1 times
  @myzerowas: 1 times
searching4obama mentions:
  @stevegrimesFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Searching4Obama: 1 times
therockstarmama mentions:
  @momranscreaming: 1 times
lady_mcb mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
denverretweeter mentions:
  @tmjdenjobs: 1 times
jr_corona mentions:
  @NaborGarrido: 1 times
  @jesushoyos: 1 times
reduced mentions:
  @momku: 1 times
  @FritinancyFollowFriday: 1 times
twobitme mentions:
  @kitschn: 1 times
shannon_ahern mentions:
tommcmullenjr mentions:
  @crackledotcom: 1 times
wn737_flygirl mentions:
  @BethanyinFL: 1 times
  @tpalizard: 1 times
leydyan22 mentions:
  @NegativeNatalie: 1 times
lunacafe mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
kangrejo mentions:
charissacowart mentions:
  @SteveGonzalez: 1 times
  @charissacowart: 1 times
donovantwaddle mentions:
  @arielwaldman: 1 times
  @leahculver: 1 times
  @Poshy: 1 times
  @amazonmp3: 1 times
  @heatherdagger: 1 times
  @toxicreine: 1 times
ag_printmonkey mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
  @Suzbroughton: 1 times
  @ScottEastman: 1 times
  @kelli: 1 times
  @ciaochessa: 1 times
  @StudioNartist: 1 times
  @FrankMillar: 1 times
  @AGPrintMonkey: 1 times
  @elbirth: 1 times
nisaconstantine mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
thewweuberfan mentions:
  @CheerldrMelissa: 1 times
  @awesomekong: 1 times
  @MariaLKanellis: 1 times
  @wwecodyrhodes: 1 times
  @wweTedDibiase: 1 times
  @RandyOrtonRKO: 1 times
gris_arguelles mentions:
  @grisarguelles: 1 times
  @Karla143: 1 times
  @HugoS21: 1 times
  @ily00: 1 times
  @Ruizeve: 1 times
  @katyperry: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @SkeeryJones: 1 times
gemmasomerset mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
gopgirl444 mentions:
  @OneVeritasRT: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
catstrak mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @collectivesoulCOULDNT: 1 times
jonpayne mentions:
  @amyjbennett: 1 times
  @welfach: 1 times
  @denifty: 1 times
  @momspective: 1 times
  @mrsjennyo: 1 times
  @heatherrenae98: 1 times
  @mikemcbride9: 1 times
  @jonpayne: 1 times
lynnserafinn mentions:
  @RobertCurrey: 1 times
bloatedanus mentions:
  @JunkSucker: 1 times
  @MeowthCunt: 1 times
  @CairoSlut: 1 times
  @Jooboria: 1 times
  @Hitlerama: 1 times
  @SMLovah: 1 times
  @CorpseMissive: 1 times
  @BuzzingCooches: 1 times
  @ElGatoAgua: 1 times
  @TheLizardPolice: 1 times
detroitccw mentions:
  @NativeDetroiter: 1 times
murfbsurfn78 mentions:
  @soxfinsfan: 1 times
  @Scotsmanhume: 1 times
  @fourstringfuror: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @henryRSmith: 1 times
gh_rocks mentions:
  @atrak: 1 times
colaboratory mentions:
  @reardonk: 1 times
  @ottrpop: 1 times
  @brittanycalvert: 1 times
  @emaydavis: 1 times
garyjesionowski mentions:
  @LilyMayJ: 1 times
stoansteirer mentions:
  @stoansteirer: 1 times
  @ajewsmallow: 1 times
  @Squidoou2: 1 times
  @BOLGATANGA: 1 times
  @schwarzenegger: 1 times
evliving mentions:
  @RickGriffin: 2 times
uknowulovemeh mentions:
  @KrnsidezHes: 1 times
crazyfaceman mentions:
  @vicosaavedra: 1 times
hideoutchicago mentions:
  @ChicagoBrewMag: 1 times
  @smallbardst: 1 times
  @subtlounge: 1 times
  @CrustEatReal: 1 times
  @BavarianLodge: 1 times
  @hobchicago: 1 times
  @unclefattys: 1 times
  @TheFifty50: 1 times
jordaniscreativ mentions:
  @TheDoLaB: 1 times
  @CreateFixate: 1 times
  @AfroFunke: 1 times
staceyrhymes mentions:
  @CEOTransformer: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 2 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @Noitworld: 1 times
  @BedroomBuddies: 1 times
  @mindfulMeli: 1 times
coloneljack mentions:
  @mwsmedia: 1 times
docputer mentions:
  @leukemiakid: 1 times
  @LL108: 1 times
  @hayeslat: 1 times
  @justaride: 1 times
  @shanteau: 1 times
  @cancercourtney: 1 times
  @joegracey: 1 times
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
  @ibeatcancrtwice: 1 times
jodonohue mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
melaniekissell mentions:
  @Havi: 1 times
  @ittybiz: 1 times
rshah17 mentions:
  @smodisette: 1 times
ralfhiltmann mentions:
beebrewer mentions:
caramelbella mentions:
  @CaramelBella: 1 times
  @billcelis: 1 times
  @tromano: 1 times
carlosfran mentions:
  @maitelima: 1 times
brandonburpee mentions:
  @Eliseleusificus: 1 times
  @JamalIgle: 1 times
  @loquaciousmuse: 1 times
knittingnews mentions:
  @viewfromengland: 1 times
  @CAGW: 1 times
  @dyhar: 1 times
  @bunnydozer: 1 times
  @prettygypsy2007: 1 times
  @kmilapolla: 1 times
  @comfypaws: 1 times
  @cfbandit: 1 times
  @bijouxboutique: 1 times
  @XtelleV: 1 times
alexabimanyu mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @thisisrobthomas: 1 times
fabio_floriano mentions:
  @lidicastro: 1 times
  @fabiofloriano@mahm: 1 times
  @moimoura: 1 times
  @anaccosta: 1 times
  @cariocastv: 1 times
  @RicXand: 1 times
  @alebagarollo: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
cynsol mentions:
  @RoverWire: 1 times
  @NaborGarrido: 1 times
  @ACIDminds: 1 times
  @franmx: 1 times
  @xAgustinx: 1 times
michaelogden mentions:
  @JackMZufelt: 1 times
  @mjodirector: 1 times
  @CaliGirlNTexas: 1 times
  @BlaqRubi: 1 times
  @HollyAnthony: 1 times
  @jesslina: 1 times
  @jodymal: 1 times
cindywmorrison mentions:
  @getrealevents: 1 times
  @colleenjpayne: 1 times
  @michaelbutlersr: 1 times
  @cindywmorrison: 1 times
  @drjeffspeaks: 1 times
notwired mentions:
  @captblackeagle: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
tymlee mentions:
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @LaffinAtcha: 1 times
  @LibertyLetter: 1 times
  @Ductor0154: 1 times
  @ChadTEverson: 1 times
  @ClayOxen: 1 times
  @TheodoreMedia: 1 times
icomercial mentions:
  @vicosaavedra: 1 times
mrsbambam mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @raskenbo: 1 times
bluegrasspundit mentions:
  @CO2HOG: 1 times
  @beckyhmn: 1 times
  @DrBorrowdale: 1 times
  @GerhardKaiser: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @SeanBoudreau: 1 times
  @bluemonk: 1 times
  @LynSue: 1 times
  @cybersly: 1 times
  @Pepper10: 1 times
empwrd4aprpse mentions:
  @RavenSu: 1 times
  @MPChicago: 1 times
  @empwrd4aprpse: 1 times
kirsttreth mentions:
glenneades mentions:
  @MerlinSV: 1 times
sunshineyy mentions:
  @adrianeden: 1 times
  @sunshineyy: 1 times
patriotbyte mentions:
pilarbower mentions:
  @EricNorthman: 1 times
  @PamatFangtasia: 1 times
  @JessicaHamby: 1 times
  @MaryannForreste: 1 times
  @EggsBenedictBT: 1 times
  @VampireMagister: 1 times
jennykoreny mentions:
  @crzy4shuz: 1 times
  @jennykoreny: 1 times
forbairt mentions:
  @AmericanDogDog: 1 times
health_twit01 mentions:
  @KirstTreth: 1 times
akachico mentions:
  @kdawn1FollowFriday: 1 times
  @akaChico: 1 times
memeshift mentions:
  @tomjd: 1 times
  @amyrsward: 1 times
  @zerostrategist: 1 times
  @tashjudd: 1 times
  @engagejoe: 1 times
  @edwardharran: 1 times
mrfantastic21 mentions:
  @Tymlee: 1 times
  @MrUmIceCreamMan: 1 times
  @SheilafightsEB: 1 times
  @NickA77: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @twender1: 1 times
  @MichaelWaisJr: 1 times
  @exit38: 1 times
  @ProfBrendi: 1 times
ajriley mentions:
  @michaelbanovsky: 1 times
  @AudiR15TDI: 1 times
  @DraysonRacing: 1 times
gradschoolmom mentions:
  @procopy: 1 times
  @badbananas: 1 times
  @windowsot: 1 times
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
chrono_x mentions:
  @jorgeavilam: 1 times
  @katalink: 1 times
  @nelisalr: 1 times
  @JuanRios: 1 times
  @vmarquez: 1 times
twatrock mentions:
  @kentanratur: 1 times
  @mobiusinformer: 1 times
  @stonerstuff: 1 times
  @420thoughts: 1 times
  @complexhigh: 1 times
  @ImTribute: 1 times
vanryzin mentions:
  @gradynotgrady: 1 times
  @IamGrab: 1 times
  @vanryzin: 1 times
  @crosshaire: 1 times
  @magicofpi: 1 times
  @KoloheBoy: 1 times
  @variationblog: 1 times
  @sagawasan: 1 times
  @Zippys: 1 times
rbl00 mentions:
  @ErisDS: 1 times
freemarketplace mentions:
  @JimQuillenCant: 1 times
  @MorrisFisher: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
  @Convertbond: 1 times
  @WDMARKPC: 1 times
  @BPLLandscapeInc: 1 times
thomasfrsh mentions:
  @yukihoang: 1 times
  @byroneskibeat: 1 times
  @kimIK: 1 times
  @thomasfrsh: 1 times
  @silkyblackgold: 1 times
savingsense mentions:
  @4TheMommas: 1 times
  @freebies4mom@paintermommy@nwadeals@momtv: 1 times
bjflanagan mentions:
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @albabee: 1 times
  @juliemackenzie: 1 times
  @Alonis: 1 times
  @PaulCarterJr: 1 times
  @TreeHugger: 1 times
  @RaquelSoto: 1 times
  @MyGreenSide: 1 times
  @MotherEarthNews: 1 times
tomboytigress mentions:
  @hellsquookie: 1 times
  @tomboytigress: 1 times
  @cherishhellfire: 1 times
  @SpikeVT: 1 times
  @pravacouture: 1 times
lindaawi mentions:
  @AmyStark: 1 times
xtello mentions:
  @ReloMary: 1 times
  @mariferg: 1 times
  @marialavis: 1 times
  @monedays: 1 times
  @pharmacoach: 1 times
  @janechin: 1 times
cultvines mentions:
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @MikeK6ICS: 1 times
  @westcoastman: 1 times
  @cultvines: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
rappsodystudios mentions:
  @twitsomatic: 1 times
pedulianak mentions:
  @Laanetweets: 1 times
  @earlyautism: 1 times
  @ActionAutism: 1 times
  @autismfactor: 1 times
  @autismresearch: 1 times
ilovetocreate mentions:
  @CraftyChica: 1 times
  @CraftPR: 1 times
  @fashiongirl01: 1 times
  @swelldesigner: 1 times
  @ilovetocreate: 1 times
  @vickiefernandez: 1 times
  @spell: 1 times
  @twittermoms: 1 times
kettering mentions:
  @shebs: 1 times
  @kettering: 1 times
  @highfidelity140: 1 times
wolfiezero mentions:
  @johnlafemina: 1 times
  @wolfiezero: 1 times
iget2work mentions:
  @tradinggoddess: 1 times
androidpaul mentions:
  @stevethegoose: 1 times
  @threedukes: 1 times
  @CharPrincessa: 1 times
  @artisticdreams: 1 times
  @RissChris: 1 times
comefilljulia69 mentions:
  @BedroomBuddies: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @CrazedMMAFan: 1 times
  @westwestrecords: 1 times
  @jrgleal: 1 times
  @comefilljulia69: 1 times
  @Matt90028: 1 times
  @KiDWaLT88: 1 times
  @slumchild1: 1 times
coriburkhert mentions:
  @fratel: 1 times
  @1080Group: 1 times
  @Hungarybloggers: 1 times
  @coriburkhert: 1 times
  @hansschepers: 1 times
  @drivebuy: 1 times
  @SeeYouOnTheCall: 1 times
  @adrianhow: 1 times
  @kristirox: 1 times
netteradio mentions:
  @DaisyRockGuitar: 1 times
joannmckendry mentions:
  @ChrissBarr: 1 times
blurpop mentions:
  @socialgood: 1 times
monsantoco mentions:
  @NWMonsantoCo: 1 times
  @HuskerFarm: 1 times
  @iamafarmer2: 1 times
  @cornfedfarmer: 1 times
  @Tykerman1: 1 times
  @KBrunkhorst: 1 times
alleyoop282 mentions:
  @TinyDancer500: 1 times
  @knel61: 1 times
  @pameladetlor: 1 times
  @jannarden: 1 times
  @dawnlangstroth: 1 times
  @sarakamin: 1 times
  @sassjordan: 1 times
  @jillmctag: 1 times
  @IvyBean104: 1 times
theamazingjuno mentions:
  @Flokari: 1 times
  @DunkintheCat: 1 times
  @CircusKitty: 1 times
  @LilySushiRoll: 1 times
  @MainlyCoon: 1 times
  @Mckainpurz: 1 times
  @OrangeGene: 1 times
  @JavaTheCat: 1 times
azurefields mentions:
  @rocklandusa: 1 times
  @jenreynolds25: 1 times
lilliamr mentions:
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @lilliamr: 1 times
  @joanjett: 1 times
jspaghetti mentions:
energizespirit mentions:
  @MARCOME: 1 times
shelton45 mentions:
  @TravelnOnRadio: 1 times
  @RTtravel: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
  @bioelectric: 1 times
  @abramsandbettes: 1 times
  @pinswap: 1 times
  @msntech: 1 times
  @PHILLIESpeeps: 1 times
jewels919 mentions:
  @ksorbs: 1 times
jimnnoke mentions:
  @hughwhite: 1 times
sarahndipitous mentions:
  @andysmailes: 1 times
  @ExhibitDarfur: 1 times
  @goodbyname: 1 times
  @raks1991: 2 times
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @sarahndipitous: 1 times
  @pontycyclops: 1 times
raven333 mentions:
  @HighlandFibers: 1 times
momswhosave mentions:
  @HomemakerBarbi: 1 times
  @feedyourpig: 1 times
jimmycoleman mentions:
  @YellowandBlack: 1 times
  @RockyBradley: 1 times
  @brownbugz: 1 times
tonybkim mentions:
  @Wonderologist: 1 times
mikeybagodonuts mentions:
  @lisaloeb4real: 1 times
  @moonfrye: 1 times
clockity mentions:
  @wasteoftime99: 1 times
  @IBElska: 1 times
  @Luccheses: 1 times
carlislescullen mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
willendorfvenus mentions:
  @nedrubwerd: 1 times
  @SenorBone: 1 times
  @StuartPeck14: 1 times
  @magnumchaos: 1 times
  @RyanJS: 1 times
  @visithoptownky: 1 times
  @news2: 1 times
  @hopkinsville: 1 times
  @RoyaltyGT: 1 times
lukaswinn mentions:
jasonwoods mentions:
  @samharrelson: 1 times
  @kensavage: 1 times
  @Aroussi: 1 times
  @wesmahler: 1 times
  @uberaffiliate: 1 times
  @KodefuGuru: 1 times
  @affiliatetip: 1 times
  @JustinDupre: 1 times
  @TimothyJones: 1 times
lquessenberry mentions:
  @FunkBunk: 1 times
  @lquessenberry: 1 times
  @gearworx: 1 times
  @spiritcreative: 1 times
  @nocci: 1 times
  @joshc: 1 times
  @coriandr: 1 times
  @beanwave: 1 times
  @robhumphries: 1 times
  @alexlawrence: 1 times
  @redpixy: 1 times
tadashioshiro mentions:
  @bidola: 1 times
  @PedroHCoutinho: 1 times
futuredirected mentions:
  @dirkjohnson: 1 times
carly154 mentions:
  @ashleytisdale: 1 times
  @billyraycyrus: 1 times
  @comeagainjen: 1 times
  @DillonLane3: 1 times
  @echoraphael: 1 times
  @HilaryADuff: 1 times
  @Jessicaveronica: 1 times
  @LisaVeronica: 1 times
  @mommytish: 1 times
conradzero mentions:
  @quick13: 1 times
  @Chuckumentary: 1 times
  @Rribbitz: 1 times
  @jmjsmcguinness: 1 times
  @sjdenham: 1 times
  @48HourFilmProj: 1 times
  @conradzero: 1 times
mika_babygurl mentions:
  @atomicbomb: 1 times
  @annalove: 1 times
  @MasterChiefJohn: 1 times
  @mikababygurl: 1 times
graftfinder mentions:
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
resumebear mentions:
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
scott_welch mentions:
  @nyakototo: 1 times
  @aliasgirl18: 1 times
  @batchoutlost: 1 times
  @scottwelch: 1 times
  @mollyfaraday: 1 times
  @nancymk: 1 times
  @vivalasara: 1 times
  @roobadoo87: 1 times
m_abdelfattah mentions:
  @ramezm: 1 times
  @GhadaLancer: 1 times
  @mabdelfattah: 1 times
  @gadelkareem: 1 times
  @humanzz: 1 times
twilightmommy mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
lipgloss_black mentions:
  @jesusiscomin: 1 times
xercesdotcom mentions:
  @macosrumors: 1 times
  @WelcomeToMacdoesnt: 1 times
janetvanderhoof mentions:
  @johnmijac: 2 times
  @JanetVanderhoofThank: 1 times
writer99 mentions:
  @kgcummings: 2 times
  @whenwelisten: 1 times
  @jaimeygrant: 1 times
  @writer99: 1 times
  @cazutt: 1 times
  @DeeMarieSOA: 1 times
  @inspiredwriter: 1 times
  @RobertHruzek: 1 times
ditchwitch27 mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
gabanact mentions:
  @Jstaffz: 1 times
  @Gabanact: 1 times
  @GuiasLocal: 1 times
  @wugambina: 1 times
  @gunitweeze: 1 times
  @: 1 times
bellarbr mentions:
  @edurodrigues: 1 times
  @jessirosa: 1 times
  @Isoletah: 1 times
  @lucasbb: 1 times
  @pablocapeccine: 1 times
  @camillemonteiro: 1 times
  @PaulaBoneka: 1 times
  @BellaRBr: 1 times
newbity mentions:
  @BunimMurray: 1 times
  @jonnamannion: 1 times
  @cjkoegelrw22: 1 times
  @joeyrozlnw: 1 times
  @jasmineR22: 1 times
  @bronnebruzgo: 1 times
  @derekCRW22: 1 times
  @Ayiia: 1 times
  @emileeheartsyou: 1 times
shelms06 mentions:
  @euskir: 1 times
  @YUNGSKOOL100: 1 times
  @mattbologna: 1 times
  @TheDrPhilShow: 1 times
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
momsoriginals mentions:
  @buddhaqueen077: 1 times
  @theroyale: 1 times
  @firebirdstl: 1 times
  @ktlee317: 1 times
  @STLGirlsGuide: 1 times
  @MomsOriginals: 1 times
fynessbeats mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @Djalfy: 2 times
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @anteaya: 1 times
  @JayElectronica: 1 times
  @westcoastbeauty: 1 times
  @nickbrutusgrass: 1 times
  @theCaringVet: 1 times
squeakystroller mentions:
  @OurHubbub: 1 times
  @squeakystroller: 1 times
  @MommyBlog: 1 times
  @rookiemoms: 1 times
thebuma mentions:
  @FpMUnited: 1 times
  @AndyWendt: 1 times
bodyguard_beats mentions:
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @LaShawnMHoffman: 1 times
  @DjTwyst: 1 times
  @BodyguardBeats: 1 times
  @TracyeBryant: 1 times
  @EXPPiNKPEARL: 1 times
  @TeddyHeffner: 1 times
  @vasbestkept: 1 times
  @Kill: 1 times
all_about_giana mentions:
  @Marie2Dessy: 1 times
  @JustJayde: 1 times
  @HerEvilRoyalty: 1 times
  @SoulStorm: 1 times
  @unsungone: 1 times
  @AllAboutGiana: 1 times
  @icancn2u: 1 times
  @Trillian711: 1 times
dabreakradio mentions:
  @CappPrice: 1 times
  @tenmane: 1 times
  @colnelstnkmeanr: 1 times
  @dabreakradio: 1 times
  @cappprice: 1 times
  @BJHuxtable: 1 times
candylatte mentions:
  @growwit: 1 times
efuzed mentions:
  @TwitterTip: 1 times
djmoonbaby mentions:
  @HAZxTHEWORLD: 1 times
  @djmoonbaby: 1 times
  @ohsokool: 1 times
  @djdestroyer: 1 times
  @JIMIJAMESMusic: 1 times
mm73 mentions:
  @RasaFoods: 1 times
beetling mentions:
  @snugnluv: 1 times
  @LenoxKnits: 1 times
  @FunFollow: 1 times
  @thericebabies: 1 times
  @lovethatfabric: 1 times
  @YCMonkey: 1 times
  @Beetling: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
fengni mentions:
  @WangShuo: 1 times
topcow mentions:
  @mikechoi: 1 times
kchall mentions:
  @schwerdtfeger: 1 times
  @opethestylist: 1 times
  @writefast: 2 times
  @DanekS: 1 times
  @cipytweet: 1 times
  @BonnieJene: 1 times
  @MajicMindy: 1 times
corysback mentions:
michellemmm mentions:
  @Spohkes: 1 times
  @djR3Z: 1 times
  @djtechnasty: 1 times
  @DJBigApple: 1 times
  @ballerstatus: 1 times
  @BReal420: 1 times
  @hiphopnews247: 1 times
  @djonpoint: 1 times
  @DJAnonymousDC: 1 times
  @KlaeFace: 1 times
greensquirel mentions:
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @Bitchabout: 1 times
  @dvd493: 1 times
  @billyhallowell: 1 times
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @thubten: 1 times
dani_h mentions:
  @Hockeychik99: 1 times
asialakay mentions:
  @Whygeezy: 1 times
  @ThaGift: 1 times
  @KCheeba: 1 times
  @AVIUS: 1 times
  @KingFOE: 1 times
  @ForTaylor: 1 times
  @hollywood5280: 1 times
  @gabegambino: 1 times
  @AwareNess0: 1 times
  @asialakay: 1 times
somberlytragic mentions:
  @BossTycoonLZ: 1 times
  @milabby: 1 times
  @Alegria21: 1 times
  @SpunkeyMama: 1 times
  @kerrikrueger: 1 times
  @mexijen: 1 times
kenya mentions:
  @swedler: 1 times
  @jmoriarty: 1 times
  @PS1968: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @paulvalach: 1 times
  @curtism: 1 times
  @brandonacox: 1 times
  @chrislee: 1 times
  @1Indienation: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
jodigrundig mentions:
  @christineflynn: 1 times
pocketedward mentions:
  @PJlittleFoot: 1 times
  @AD76: 1 times
  @TwiBrunette: 1 times
  @TwilightMom127: 1 times
  @QueenOfKink: 1 times
  @QueenofDixie: 1 times
  @kellih: 1 times
littlebrown mentions:
  @FictionAddict: 1 times
  @MorganO: 1 times
  @laurakeefe: 1 times
  @cafeofdreams: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @lisaspindler: 1 times
  @JLichtenberg: 1 times
  @jachism: 1 times
jennalloyd mentions:
  @debbiejjohnson: 1 times
  @ergillette: 1 times
  @TheMorganizer: 1 times
  @drkilstein: 1 times
  @johnfurst: 1 times
  @rickbutts: 1 times
bigcityluxury mentions:
  @twtwine: 1 times
jenleo mentions:
  @nancydbrown: 1 times
  @goplanit: 1 times
  @mudslidemama: 1 times
  @laurably: 1 times
  @girlsgetaway: 1 times
  @purentonline: 1 times
  @NavyNews: 1 times
beepeebeer mentions:
  @SRowl: 1 times
  @Stew68: 1 times
  @BeepeeBeer: 1 times
pixolita mentions:
  @styla73: 1 times
  @heynicesweater: 1 times
  @homelife82: 1 times
  @bearheadedgirl: 1 times
  @soulsatellite: 1 times
pastorkayte mentions:
  @shaggieshapiro: 1 times
  @chuckhemann: 1 times
  @gerthough: 1 times
  @execvasolutions: 1 times
  @viesearch: 1 times
  @mariaandros: 1 times
rott1058 mentions:
  @brandenAM: 1 times
  @OLMMark: 1 times
  @rott1058: 1 times
  @RapsFan: 1 times
  @AKA33M: 1 times
capacid mentions:
  @PLMmama: 1 times
  @NickDiRe: 1 times
  @MrsDiRe: 1 times
  @Capacid: 1 times
  @SinaAmedson: 1 times
  @HansKarl: 1 times
  @damisses2002: 1 times
zahagc mentions:
  @MariTioca: 1 times
  @Seargee: 1 times
  @dopzihon: 1 times
  @modulor: 1 times
  @cannibalita: 1 times
  @gaBeweb: 1 times
  @musicaymas: 1 times
  @mgonzalez1: 1 times
  @luisdrk: 1 times
  @Adictisima: 1 times
  @Kikyta: 1 times
  @huguito: 1 times
msfituniverse mentions:
  @windowsot: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
maclawstudents mentions:
  @maclawstudentsfridayfollow: 1 times
  @jlevin: 1 times
il_debasteitor mentions:
marlapena mentions:
  @paranormalspy: 1 times
godlike mentions:
  @dtorres: 1 times
  @godlike: 2 times
hansoncentral mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @rockstarrob: 1 times
  @chadkanera: 1 times
edensol mentions:
bululustudio mentions:
  @loloshop: 1 times
  @ecogenerationkl: 1 times
  @littlereddoor: 1 times
  @olivosartstudio: 1 times
  @missbutler: 1 times
  @fashiongreentba: 1 times
  @polcarlos: 1 times
tristanprooth mentions:
  @br8kthru: 1 times
  @alantlwilson: 1 times
  @moehlert: 1 times
  @TrineOS: 1 times
  @johnkeithhart: 1 times
  @heartsleeve: 1 times
  @AngelaNilsson: 1 times
  @Anthropologies: 1 times
  @Liturgy: 1 times
jcloake mentions:
  @kebbabutton: 1 times
  @simplyswanee: 1 times
neighborsdog mentions:
manicstate mentions:
abuserwatch mentions:
  @ChildAdvocacyNH: 1 times
  @sinbysilence: 1 times
  @butiluvhim: 1 times
  @Darkness2Light: 1 times
  @MargieMarybelle: 1 times
  @ShirleyMayP: 1 times
moejamwalk mentions:
  @Boss23@fnorwood@lboogiedakid: 1 times
  @JMEEKS23: 1 times
  @lizthebizzz: 1 times
  @royalSLAM: 1 times
dorrej mentions:
  @DonIrvine: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @jackyoest: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @cis826: 1 times
  @timmywa: 1 times
  @vicissitudes2: 1 times
  @marleed: 1 times
  @lindainnc: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @az4vlad: 1 times
stephenkruiser mentions:
  @iamasarahpalin: 1 times
  @stephenkruiser: 1 times
veronicavoltage mentions:
  @IsilLovesMcr: 1 times
  @stalkerbitch: 1 times
  @adamtherealidol: 1 times
  @IMCRD: 1 times
  @MyChemChat: 1 times
  @theboxfam: 1 times
twellness mentions:
  @whonews: 1 times
  @CDCflu: 1 times
  @CDCemergency: 1 times
  @CIDRAP: 1 times
  @crof: 1 times
  @PHACGC: 1 times
daniel_nguyen mentions:
  @TaraRogers: 1 times
  @skismith: 1 times
  @joeworkman: 1 times
  @davidgoldstein: 1 times
  @sambasel: 1 times
  @Perry8594: 1 times
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
adrianrodriguez mentions:
  @nathansmith: 1 times
  @dsutoyo: 1 times
  @justinthesouth: 1 times
  @anyarizm: 1 times
  @unrealnighthawk: 1 times
  @jt: 1 times
  @km: 1 times
  @revans: 1 times
  @mheerema: 1 times
  @brandrich: 1 times
basedboi mentions:
  @therealxsf: 1 times
  @berner415: 1 times
  @BrothaLynchHung: 1 times
  @BasedBoi: 1 times
  @THAREALEEMAJORS: 1 times
  @theJacka: 1 times
  @GoldenMeanPK: 1 times
  @mattblaque: 1 times
  @Legendgary: 1 times
wahoowoot mentions:
  @rockofages: 1 times
  @lindseypollak: 1 times
  @anr1187: 1 times
  @mmalkoff: 1 times
knottienature mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @cjgrisham: 1 times
anasazistories mentions:
  @ramblemuse: 1 times
cpudan mentions:
  @glonelsoncsep: 1 times
jbo mentions:
  @marujatarre: 1 times
dogvocate mentions:
  @: 1 times
laurz mentions:
  @madeleinekunin: 1 times
chrisdeston mentions:
  @thisgoeshere: 1 times
terzy mentions:
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
  @yourname: 1 times
  @LadyParadis: 1 times
  @suzannehih: 1 times
fortunekookie mentions:
  @EaglesNestWine: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @TimbrePitch: 1 times
jenjenfukker mentions:
  @studiozeroseven: 1 times
  @katemixwashere: 1 times
  @TheBatty: 1 times
  @cockneytony: 1 times
  @HauntedGirl: 1 times
  @IanSchwartzSZS: 1 times
  @DJ48: 1 times
  @xxabsentxx: 1 times
  @madbeatchemist: 1 times
abbymathew mentions:
  @workplacecoach: 1 times
  @KathyNelson: 1 times
  @ahahamilton9: 1 times
  @StressFreeBill: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
  @CoachCarolann: 1 times
  @AbbyMathew: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
oliveiral mentions:
  @Anyssima: 1 times
  @nortonlimajr: 1 times
rhibowman mentions:
  @schillingfan: 1 times
ronbme mentions:
  @bouhammer: 1 times
  @JoyfulSongCarol: 1 times
  @DawnMarieLS: 1 times
  @RedDotRedState: 1 times
  @piratewatcher: 1 times
  @vinatero: 1 times
  @ROCKWITHBECK: 1 times
  @bobedwards: 1 times
  @mrmannycan: 1 times
thomashellyer mentions:
  @TheGonzoMama: 1 times
ccollinsmith mentions:
  @BraveCombo: 1 times
chokewho mentions:
  @KCbandit: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
  @JimmyVo: 1 times
sageothyme mentions:
  @imrananwar: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @AbbyMathew: 1 times
  @EdotA: 1 times
  @SandyGuerriere: 1 times
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @NiksieThePixie: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
nativeinktattoo mentions:
  @makellbird: 1 times
  @chneux: 1 times
  @DontBeASkeptik: 1 times
  @kovealle: 1 times
  @Gyant: 1 times
  @1OpenedMind: 1 times
  @nativeinktattoo: 1 times
  @UflyLA: 1 times
megmac007 mentions:
  @websoup: 1 times
  @nerdist: 1 times
  @g4tv: 1 times
frelle mentions:
  @Chelziee: 1 times
katieforte mentions:
  @GavinNewsom: 1 times
killthemic mentions:
  @ADeLesDernier: 1 times
  @indie1031: 1 times
  @houndstoothlive: 1 times
  @woxy: 1 times
  @thesoundla: 1 times
dkwalton mentions:
  @MadisonCreek: 1 times
  @maxwellvintage: 1 times
  @mojoatelier: 1 times
  @pixierosedesign: 1 times
  @2woofers: 1 times
  @ChristineVee: 1 times
  @cmpinky61: 1 times
  @ColoradoFoothil: 1 times
  @ba: 1 times
naturzen mentions:
  @MorganWebb: 1 times
mscandace00 mentions:
  @TyTVLive@ArkBusiness: 1 times
  @mscandace00: 1 times
  @monicadanger: 1 times
  @hiphoppress: 1 times
  @souljaboytellem: 1 times
  @queday26: 1 times
  @chamillionaire: 1 times
  @mytexasjobs: 1 times
tony_aa mentions:
  @genieknows: 1 times
im2byteme mentions:
  @alderb: 1 times
pat_111 mentions:
  @sid87pens: 1 times
trainerr mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
fabfo mentions:
  @booneoakley: 1 times
caffekat mentions:
  @dagbrown: 2 times
stackmack mentions:
  @ticktock6: 1 times
  @thetigercub: 1 times
  @stackmack: 1 times
  @Nat77: 1 times
  @Chaun: 1 times
  @courtside: 1 times
scottganyo mentions:
  @dhlawrencexvii: 1 times
  @jennifedora: 1 times
lycanpedia mentions:
  @schillingfan: 1 times
  @Symbolman: 1 times
  @thejoshuablog: 1 times
  @SuzanneReed: 1 times
  @thereisawayjose: 1 times
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @huggerdog: 1 times
  @Gr8RDH: 1 times
tvtalkradio mentions:
  @LillyKat: 1 times
  @KateOH: 1 times
  @televisionary: 1 times
  @TVTalkRadio: 1 times
  @heybuzzsugar: 1 times
  @seat42f: 1 times
  @Fancast: 1 times
  @MoiraCurran: 1 times
  @DuckyDoesTV: 1 times
  @mytakeontv: 1 times
  @GMMR: 1 times
libertyletter mentions:
jahsangel25 mentions:
  @poekasso: 1 times
  @presidentmega: 1 times
  @bighomieluck: 1 times
  @mimibabyfletch: 1 times
jorgecerda mentions:
  @twittnic: 1 times
kms34786 mentions:
  @avmaster: 1 times
  @webmarketingmav: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @allthesimple: 1 times
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @Triciadycka: 1 times
  @Jass53: 1 times
chiefhomeoffice mentions:
  @DisneyEC: 1 times
  @EconomyHeroes: 1 times
  @SBoSM: 1 times
  @ChiefHomeOffice: 1 times
  @JerryRossOnline: 1 times
  @CBanningMA: 1 times
  @WSJSmallBiz: 1 times
discussantiques mentions:
  @reneakamom: 1 times
alexnester mentions:
  @DizzyDezziBig: 1 times
  @schillingfan: 1 times
  @vjhoneycut: 1 times
  @alexnester: 1 times
  @ShaneMcC: 1 times
  @Monkfishy: 1 times
lsmith77 mentions:
  @casacollin: 1 times
  @AbuserWatch: 1 times
  @sinbysilence: 1 times
  @butiluvhim: 1 times
  @Darkness2Light: 1 times
  @MargieMarybelle: 1 times
  @ShirleyMayP: 1 times
benrath mentions:
  @NathanHurst: 2 times
  @BubbaSmith: 1 times
  @chrismartin: 1 times
  @frontlinesblog: 1 times
  @loyaltoliberty: 1 times
  @ZackBlair: 1 times
  @xxxchurch: 1 times
rocketrobin1 mentions:
  @Serendipity24: 1 times
  @SJCooks: 1 times
  @beaglelover1200: 1 times
  @SKINTHIWATT: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @raidesngirl: 1 times
  @BeachMomOf2: 1 times
mickzilla mentions:
  @dtoxik: 1 times
  @MissMellyN: 1 times
  @mariqueen: 1 times
  @gotcaffeine: 1 times
  @Lavaland: 1 times
  @azizansari: 1 times
  @rott1058: 1 times
  @lulugirl1230: 1 times
  @redKP: 1 times
alexosh1234 mentions:
  @joshx413: 2 times
  @micha3ldac7: 1 times
  @alexosh1234: 1 times
  @bbsipodtouchelp: 1 times
  @jonathanfromupr: 1 times
  @myrawnerves: 1 times
fullysustainabl mentions:
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @BeMoreEco: 1 times
  @stephhicks: 1 times
  @fullysustainabl: 1 times
  @randonglenn: 1 times
  @ecoverwateraid: 1 times
  @atkirby: 1 times
  @fortheloveoflaw: 1 times
facso mentions:
  @sachiel: 1 times
thegncguy mentions:
  @Ancoti: 1 times
  @AprioriBeauty: 1 times
  @thegirlsreport: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @TheGNCguy: 1 times
  @Makenzesgranna: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
mij_jorrison mentions:
pumpexec mentions:
  @MzNikkiLC: 2 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @pumpexec: 1 times
  @chiefhotmomma: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @SarahHor: 1 times
apocalypse_meow mentions:
  @mackiesgirl8286followfriday: 1 times
  @ApocalypseMeow: 1 times
sidewalkangels mentions:
  @MusicBizAdvice: 1 times
  @justsomelady: 1 times
asiprosper mentions:
  @sushmeet: 1 times
  @birlaa: 1 times
  @Naukri: 1 times
  @hakris: 1 times
  @asIprosper: 1 times
  @creatitwitty: 1 times
  @vishwaskasat: 1 times
super8verona mentions:
  @indiecoffee: 1 times
pandibearsrt mentions:
  @Zahida: 1 times
  @groovykittycat: 1 times
janemaurer mentions:
  @isweatbutter: 1 times
ladydreamer823 mentions:
  @Dreamworthy: 1 times
  @DreamworthyDoc: 1 times
mdc914 mentions:
  @gr0326FollowFriday: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @CarolGiambri: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @IndygirlBL: 1 times
  @prayforpatti: 1 times
  @mdc914: 1 times
  @DonaldWilhelm: 1 times
papercutlet mentions:
  @michellesheiman: 1 times
towsontowne mentions:
  @operationsmile: 1 times
fausta mentions:
  @kevinbinversie: 1 times
  @edmorrissey: 1 times
  @calebhowe: 1 times
  @fausta: 1 times
  @steveegg: 1 times
  @scsuscholars: 1 times
hjswritergal mentions:
  @AmericanWomannn@PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @pinksugarmama: 1 times
  @PeterAbbott: 1 times
  @EricLindberg: 1 times
  @VEOwens: 1 times
  @rogerhamilton: 1 times
weplaygreen mentions:
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @weplaygreenthanx4ecoluv: 1 times
  @anomdesign: 1 times
  @greenbiztweets: 1 times
  @GreenSafeClean: 1 times
bostonpatriot mentions:
  @dcc1234: 1 times
treasurehuntres mentions:
  @kathykeefe: 1 times
  @TimberCoveInn: 1 times
  @Antiquefan: 1 times
  @JacksonCJ1: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
arizonakey mentions:
  @CrackerJaxFun: 1 times
  @FollowPhx: 1 times
  @: 1 times
chilihead mentions:
  @BarbaraJones: 1 times
  @resourcefulmom: 1 times
  @loriheimerl: 1 times
  @kimorlando: 1 times
thatgirlmystic mentions:
  @estoni: 1 times
  @majiwater: 1 times
  @bustinho: 1 times
  @thatgirlmystic: 1 times
  @headmutha: 1 times
  @zroth: 1 times
  @kenyanpundit: 1 times
lunas994 mentions:
  @ShellTerrell: 1 times
terrencehunter mentions:
  @thecreativepenn: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
trisha_mc mentions:
wallymoccassins mentions:
  @cre8tvrec: 1 times
  @noralmt: 1 times
  @atomicpoet: 1 times
  @Snuggo: 1 times
  @unkleEL: 1 times
agreenthumb mentions:
cpx86 mentions:
  @reiver: 1 times
  @movermike: 1 times
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
  @neopaine: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @TheSmokingArgus: 1 times
  @LibertyMaven: 1 times
  @DLoesch: 1 times
scottlackey mentions:
  @nycstories: 1 times
kathrynhallpr mentions:
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @RachelMestre: 1 times
  @littlestar23: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @KathrynHallPR: 1 times
  @dawnspitfire: 1 times
ukulelejammin mentions:
  @KathyJohnson: 1 times
laxpat916 mentions:
  @vdsudeep: 1 times
  @crevek: 1 times
  @christiaanh: 1 times
  @joyceAuteri: 1 times
xeduarda mentions:
  @ReneSilva: 1 times
chasesterling mentions:
  @badwebsites: 1 times
  @chasesterling: 1 times
mdotdigga mentions:
  @mdotdigga: 1 times
  @LDJC: 1 times
  @planetpit: 1 times
  @gloriavelez: 1 times
  @DanaCortez: 1 times
  @NinaSky: 1 times
jorgemudry mentions:
  @briancray: 1 times
  @KorbyImagery: 1 times
  @JesseNewhart: 1 times
  @ThomasFjordside: 1 times
  @devphp: 1 times
  @BreRoz: 1 times
  @chillami: 1 times
  @webbart: 1 times
  @seppo0010: 1 times
  @jasonatennui: 1 times
csconfessional mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @CsConfessional: 1 times
  @tsinx2: 1 times
  @LawyerMilloy: 1 times
  @Kittysterling: 1 times
  @CawsnProblmz: 1 times
  @hyphen18: 1 times
  @joumanakidd: 1 times
  @MCSHAN: 1 times
  @DhaniJones: 1 times
tirgumit mentions:
  @LetaRussell: 1 times
  @Royz: 1 times
streetwise_it mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @collegepolitico: 1 times
goldae mentions:
  @LuckyNando: 1 times
swimcool mentions:
  @LaQuintaResortAnother: 1 times
exaltms mentions:
  @motorz: 1 times
  @dukenetworks: 1 times
markosinski mentions:
  @jdenham: 1 times
  @markosinski: 1 times
  @jeffreywooten: 1 times
  @codywillard: 1 times
  @seaheather: 1 times
  @linc4justice: 1 times
  @qosmann: 1 times
  @spokeup: 1 times
chicago_tweets mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @sparkedm: 1 times
intuitioneer mentions:
  @HiroBoga: 1 times
  @intuitioneer: 1 times
miniatus mentions:
  @chasesterling: 1 times
lady_liberty mentions:
  @EP4sanity: 1 times
  @pizano3: 1 times
  @NCpeach: 1 times
  @norm739: 1 times
shawnchev mentions:
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @DCrunnergrrl: 1 times
  @michaelbach: 1 times
  @angieschumacher: 1 times
  @izzostrength: 1 times
  @shawnchev: 1 times
  @TeamGiles: 1 times
  @MissWall: 1 times
lostonroute66 mentions:
  @ultimatelibrarn: 1 times
  @lostonroute66: 1 times
kat_kittykat mentions:
  @MyInnerCougar: 1 times
  @KingdomGuard: 1 times
  @StacySparkles: 1 times
  @fakerparis: 1 times
  @KatKittyKat: 1 times
  @dazzlespr: 1 times
  @youngsy79: 1 times
sugarnova mentions:
  @k9hndler98: 1 times
  @Sugarnova: 1 times
abcdude mentions:
  @billweirabc: 1 times
earthxplorer mentions:
drbethcp mentions:
  @sherrybutlerpr: 1 times
aarstreetteam mentions:
  @nickolaswheeler: 1 times
  @tysonritteraar: 1 times
  @mikeaar: 1 times
  @AARStreetTeam: 1 times
brittanyschoice mentions:
  @AndreasChoice: 1 times
  @BrittanysChoice: 1 times
  @ItsShellz: 1 times
  @Lolomani: 1 times
  @RahneX: 1 times
  @tiffanyJanay: 1 times
  @DakotaDoll: 1 times
mommydoodlesblg mentions:
  @bkkihega: 2 times
  @susieqtpie: 1 times
  @LatherUp: 1 times
  @bluefroggie: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @writer993: 1 times
  @Momsmostwanted: 1 times
  @laughwithles: 1 times
thugrockstar mentions:
  @9MMNINAROSS: 1 times
  @ThugRockStar: 1 times
markusgarvey mentions:
  @slackadjusterr: 1 times
drkcbugg mentions:
  @davidgodot: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @KidTherapist: 1 times
streettwits mentions:
  @thestockbandit: 1 times
  @TradingGoddess: 1 times
  @PennTM: 1 times
  @smbcapital: 1 times
  @daytrend: 1 times
  @TodayTrader: 1 times
victorbrown mentions:
  @lisabreedt: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
a_smithee mentions:
  @jdnyc: 1 times
  @soopertrev: 1 times
  @SCrowder: 1 times
  @: 1 times
michelle2008az mentions:
  @GFRoadWarrior: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @SensitivePantry: 1 times
  @CeliacsTips: 1 times
  @GFillustrator: 1 times
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
  @glutenada: 1 times
  @GFSteph: 1 times
  @CeliacSnack: 1 times
cclinger mentions:
  @Alexhamil: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
  @ReverseVampyr: 1 times
  @ColorMeRed: 1 times
  @pblumer76: 1 times
r_o_y_a_n mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
ronsupportsyou mentions:
  @colleencunningh: 1 times
princetonsports mentions:
  @Adventures4Cure: 1 times
  @PrincetonSports: 1 times
  @RideCannondale: 1 times
lars30 mentions:
  @RichardWiseman: 1 times
paulmracek mentions:
mistyconn mentions:
  @chrisluvssixxam: 1 times
  @MetalRocks: 1 times
  @helllittleangel: 1 times
  @Nancy9980: 1 times
  @iLoveMusic1696: 1 times
  @Matrisha: 1 times
  @KatvonStarLite: 1 times
  @mo5150: 1 times
  @Mistyconn: 1 times
jackalert mentions:
  @JennKaye: 1 times
revdebra mentions:
  @livingsexuality: 1 times
nilbertomelo mentions:
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
fungirljane mentions:
  @CockstarArmy: 1 times
  @MsCarlaMaria: 1 times
  @sexinstilettos: 1 times
  @SteveBitanga: 1 times
  @Cupcakeqween: 1 times
  @Twee: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @fareastmovement: 1 times
  @fmonyourdial: 1 times
twitbidme mentions:
  @WillJasper: 2 times
  @lindseycholmes: 1 times
  @rockinbev: 1 times
  @realtymerchant: 1 times
  @Kanisha1: 1 times
  @realestatebloke: 1 times
  @trikkedaddy: 1 times
  @twitbidme: 1 times
dawntrenee mentions:
  @CarolRiddickRDU: 1 times
  @Lenswithlove: 1 times
  @BobChoat: 1 times
  @ask57: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @dawntrenee: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @jimspcrepair: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
johnexley mentions:
  @JaredOToole: 1 times
  @tonyruiz: 1 times
  @joshhurlock: 1 times
  @johnexley: 1 times
  @patricksargent: 1 times
  @jennybee: 1 times
  @thetylerhayes: 1 times
  @olivermanalese: 1 times
heather_perara mentions:
  @GoodWillSWF: 1 times
  @SaraComito: 1 times
  @coryodonnell: 1 times
  @ForeverYoungish: 1 times
  @heatherperara: 1 times
  @fox4now: 1 times
  @erikteichmann: 1 times
  @winknews: 1 times
  @nbc2: 1 times
danmillerbbnq mentions:
  @Kerrysherin: 1 times
  @robertdickie: 1 times
  @NaomiSimson: 1 times
  @nateerickson: 1 times
  @MartinCasper: 1 times
  @levimorales: 1 times
pedrodcardoso mentions:
montanamonica mentions:
  @GDMtweet: 1 times
  @montanabusiness: 1 times
  @BozemanFoodCoop: 1 times
  @ssilvestrone: 1 times
  @TheRealClint: 1 times
  @MontanaMonica: 1 times
  @AliciaCaine: 1 times
garybondurant mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @kevinfalkingham: 1 times
  @BlazingLily: 1 times
  @redheadeddiva: 1 times
  @victorcina: 1 times
  @CarlosDuranLive: 1 times
  @ellajoe: 1 times
  @MsFitBC: 1 times
adrianakraft mentions:
  @yero69: 1 times
  @BenClemons: 1 times
  @worldhistory: 1 times
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
  @alphalesbians: 1 times
  @hatehurts: 1 times
  @hivlawproject: 1 times
  @twitaddicted: 1 times
  @AdrianaKraft: 1 times
tiaswagger mentions:
  @tiaswagger: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
paulandash mentions:
  @SaberTiger: 1 times
  @NancyMontier: 1 times
  @MarkEricJohnson: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @jrussellterrier: 1 times
  @glitzyorbit: 1 times
  @AdamChandler: 1 times
  @SelfEsteemQueen: 1 times
exit_stage_left mentions:
  @setla: 1 times
  @ExitStageLeft: 1 times
  @agentv: 1 times
  @ItDonnedOnMe: 1 times
  @48HourFilmProj: 1 times
beaconhillnw mentions:
  @soverpeck: 1 times
  @beaconhillnw: 1 times
savorthesuccess mentions:
  @asweetlifefollowfriday: 1 times
  @savorthesuccess: 1 times
  @casseracomm: 1 times
  @gothamorganizer: 1 times
virtueimc mentions:
  @SEALIFEAquarium: 1 times
bonscrapatit mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
fabrichound mentions:
  @PeasandBananas: 1 times
letter10 mentions:
  @adnanmahmud: 1 times
  @Jolkona: 1 times
popnewsgirl mentions:
  @socialdiva: 1 times
  @negativenatalie: 1 times
  @jenposkanzer: 1 times
  @spanxINC: 1 times
  @supersashy: 1 times
  @jasonkennedy1: 1 times
  @mollyrobben: 1 times
hairyoda mentions:
  @katebuckjr: 1 times
  @dako3256: 1 times
  @myoilcan: 1 times
  @truckersteve: 1 times
  @KarenEden: 1 times
  @ymfbrooks: 1 times
  @yourproxycomm: 1 times
  @BigMikeInAustin: 1 times
followthreaper mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
bobbil mentions:
  @mossinterest: 1 times
  @BaublesandBags: 1 times
rhispect mentions:
  @Mama2Kings: 1 times
  @Rhispect: 1 times
  @BennytheBull: 1 times
  @OctaviaESQ: 1 times
dbroos mentions:
  @APreciousJewel: 1 times
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
  @VincentWright: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @hisfriendlyway: 1 times
wowcarl mentions:
  @wowMerry: 1 times
  @wowMinh: 1 times
  @wowCarl: 1 times
  @wowJohnD: 1 times
  @wowKimMarie: 1 times
  @MarkVHansen: 1 times
homebuddies mentions:
  @stecklesTY: 1 times
  @HomeBuddies: 1 times
  @tap29: 2 times
  @steckl: 1 times
colleenpence mentions:
  @BloomMaternity: 1 times
dixoncain mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
tori_thompson mentions:
  @garrigus: 1 times
  @BillStrauss: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @AskSharifah: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @roseydow2: 1 times
  @JimTurner: 1 times
  @ToriThompson: 1 times
pcrampton mentions:
  @Iconic88: 1 times
ritaolds mentions:
  @Hardcore4: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @wandruias: 1 times
rieva mentions:
  @hitchedmedia: 1 times
  @marlamarkman: 1 times
daynah mentions:
  @wordcampla: 1 times
hisson1083 mentions:
  @CulturedCulture: 2 times
penas mentions:
  @dudex: 1 times
  @jurema: 1 times
  @trabalhosujo: 1 times
  @bastholm: 1 times
  @jasper: 1 times
  @titividal: 1 times
wakeup2wellness mentions:
  @WakeUp2Wellness: 1 times
corrinat mentions:
  @JessicaLG717: 1 times
kikostudios mentions:
  @RikkiMerie: 1 times
  @CommieBastard: 1 times
  @SarahKSilverman: 1 times
  @iidiocracy: 1 times
  @EqualityAmerica: 1 times
dianawinkley mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @collegepolitico: 1 times
mountainhiphoto mentions:
  @MoosePeterson: 1 times
  @jerryghionis: 1 times
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
  @jasminestar: 1 times
  @MattKloskowski: 1 times
  @ScottKelby: 1 times
timklabunde mentions:
  @mhanwork: 2 times
  @ronworth: 1 times
  @htadesse: 1 times
  @timklabunde: 1 times
  @markbuckshon: 1 times
  @nextmoon: 1 times
cokeman777 mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
mtnbke mentions:
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @JDArtist: 1 times
  @mtnbke: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @nizno: 1 times
  @alittleco: 1 times
  @alteredeye: 1 times
gayleconnell mentions:
  @majortomh: 1 times
moreeco mentions:
  @Ecosaveology: 2 times
  @LiveEcoChicLife: 1 times
  @MoreEco: 1 times
  @PlanetGreen: 1 times
  @whygreenliving: 1 times
  @OceanDoctor: 1 times
yungskool100 mentions:
  @TheMysticMaster: 1 times
  @SpoilednSprung: 1 times
  @TevinMrCoolGuy: 1 times
  @kerstinp: 1 times
  @lyebway: 1 times
  @YUNGSKOOL100: 1 times
  @LeslieMarquez: 1 times
bxfern mentions:
  @thewilldta: 1 times
  @smoshian: 1 times
  @alexosh1234: 1 times
  @jima6636: 1 times
  @tymoss: 1 times
  @kevinrose: 1 times
  @BXFERN: 1 times
  @DrEwAO8: 1 times
  @MrFuckThaFEDS: 1 times
tinabit mentions:
  @travisfitzwater: 1 times
  @carltonf: 1 times
  @terrymyers: 1 times
  @tonyablythe: 1 times
  @gjones: 1 times
  @tinabit: 1 times
  @tammey: 1 times
  @momediachica: 1 times
rihanna_sextape mentions:
  @xxxcams: 1 times
kebbabutton mentions:
  @susannewcomer: 1 times
cassidydavid mentions:
  @Alex20001: 1 times
jimsuccessful mentions:
  @socialvideoguy: 1 times
  @intrepid316: 1 times
  @jimsuccessful: 1 times
  @LarryT30720: 1 times
  @sheilaatienza: 1 times
deeshore mentions:
  @LilTanLines: 1 times
  @rickydanny: 1 times
  @iamshanemorris: 1 times
  @deeshore: 1 times
  @liltanlines: 1 times
  @bimbler: 1 times
  @47project: 1 times
besz mentions:
  @lurkey: 1 times
spiritualcopy mentions:
  @JaneWMeade: 1 times
  @SpiritualCopy: 1 times
polynesianmetal mentions:
  @OfficialOzzy: 1 times
  @OzzyMovie: 1 times
  @MrJackO: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
  @Blasko666: 1 times
  @MercenaryMgmt: 1 times
  @victhordaviking: 1 times
  @VikingFist: 1 times
jenali mentions:
  @Sensai4U: 1 times
  @firebug44: 1 times
  @zellybeanie: 1 times
  @nannyf: 1 times
  @JOYSOFNONE: 1 times
  @@mcddjj: 1 times
  @i24601: 1 times
  @MollyMayPlay: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
freeeafrica mentions:
  @thelovingkind: 1 times
  @WalkInTheSun: 1 times
  @RentalDeception: 1 times
  @StephaniePitts: 1 times
  @freeeafrica: 1 times
  @KirstyHilton: 1 times
  @WheatmarkBooks: 1 times
hypnoticyogi mentions:
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @Suesbooks: 1 times
  @vivspace: 1 times
  @vickiberry: 1 times
  @rachelcapil: 1 times
  @askthebathman: 1 times
  @saronti: 1 times
  @sparkwisdom: 1 times
elizaelise mentions:
  @MLukaczyn: 1 times
russ_tech mentions:
  @ambermac: 1 times
  @calilewis: 1 times
elenaborsellino mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
maggychou mentions:
  @roccoman: 1 times
  @ReubenKitty: 1 times
  @ReeseKitty: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @BabyPatches: 1 times
  @Joannethecat: 1 times
  @artemisthecat: 1 times
  @BabyMittens: 1 times
  @chloethekitty: 1 times
marc12001 mentions:
  @marc12001: 2 times
  @DenzelBurks: 1 times
  @grentone: 1 times
  @ATTechFX: 1 times
  @gregmikefx: 1 times
  @KevinMhughes: 1 times
  @fxretracer: 1 times
  @deepfoo: 1 times
lulubee03 mentions:
  @TheRockStarMama: 1 times
tialin mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @firekittie9: 1 times
  @SherrieChastain: 1 times
  @fxretracer: 1 times
  @PeaceDiva: 1 times
  @BennyGreenberg: 1 times
  @alaksir: 1 times
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
  @MRHYPERPCS: 1 times
dwtusen mentions:
  @drwalkerrph: 1 times
dvdsnapshot mentions:
  @RichLovatt: 1 times
learning2allow mentions:
  @karaokebarrett: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @bjasmine: 1 times
  @73k: 1 times
blkerikakane mentions:
  @Michellemmm: 2 times
  @nelmotzyesq: 1 times
  @missuzliipzlive: 1 times
  @LiLOnE4GSW: 1 times
  @MzKtoure: 1 times
  @1fmjamz: 1 times
  @suitechauvhan: 1 times
  @blke: 1 times
startabuzz mentions:
  @KristenCarr: 1 times
  @chrisblake: 1 times
  @lunaseagames: 1 times
  @clareitycoo: 1 times
kathytillotson mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
filmjg mentions:
  @hsullivan1: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
  @askmrvideo: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
dsquiggs mentions:
  @Alegria21: 1 times
deb_opks mentions:
louisvuittonbum mentions:
allenperson mentions:
  @Deva09IAME: 2 times
  @tigerlillylolo: 1 times
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @christianrep: 1 times
  @allenperson: 1 times
  @djsamhouse: 1 times
  @manatmouse: 1 times
billhendrick mentions:
  @webaggression: 1 times
reemiles mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @XPOZR: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @Inthehillsfish: 1 times
  @tracyewilli: 1 times
hostesstori mentions:
  @savorthethyme: 1 times
  @abcddesigns: 1 times
  @hostesstori: 1 times
  @shesinthekitche: 1 times
  @fitmenu: 1 times
marcy718 mentions:
  @SiriusMzStylez: 1 times
  @IamDesign01: 1 times
  @CourtneyAM: 1 times
  @DonnaAsbury: 1 times
  @bouncertone: 1 times
  @MissJia: 1 times
  @NazimP: 1 times
  @geneajohnsonjr: 1 times
  @SoulPurposeOOC: 1 times
alwayssilky mentions:
  @teambudd1: 1 times
  @suzuki6ft1: 1 times
  @KimDraughan: 1 times
elizabethmd mentions:
  @lornepike: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @innovinkdesigns: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @markgirlboston: 1 times
chris2x mentions:
  @hashtravelPeople: 1 times
  @Chris2x: 1 times
  @tomtravel2: 1 times
  @EverywhereTrip: 1 times
  @Travelogged: 1 times
valeriemargolis mentions:
  @lloydaustinsHallelujah: 1 times
bpfox4 mentions:
  @sw76: 1 times
  @AliveinMe: 1 times
nmitch mentions:
  @TennisTim: 1 times
  @SerenaJWilliams: 1 times
  @arthurchappell: 1 times
  @yaniksilver: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
pamperry mentions:
  @somethingwithin: 1 times
vilclinton mentions:
  @slidingdoors: 1 times
  @gatafama: 1 times
donnamwells mentions:
  @SharneseLaNier: 1 times
menosehmais mentions:
  @turmadableia: 1 times
ozarksagent mentions:
  @stevensparkman: 1 times
  @rockybuckley: 1 times
  @lafinguy: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @SharonHayest: 1 times
  @cgiridhar: 1 times
  @steinarknutsen: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @kateymarie: 1 times
sadaoturner mentions:
  @ChrisHansen: 1 times
  @luxuryprgal: 1 times
  @christinacosta: 1 times
sherrycarter mentions:
  @PinkAngel0704: 1 times
redjen78 mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
guystyleguide mentions:
  @shavereview: 1 times
  @gambertshirts@michaelferrera: 1 times
ndm_1 mentions:
  @WDWdreamingdefinitely: 1 times
dianelharris mentions:
  @bingkaycoy: 1 times
  @yvettemarie7: 1 times
drew1220 mentions:
  @TimTipper: 1 times
  @rpagesc: 1 times
  @cbyington: 1 times
  @AllenKlump: 1 times
  @jasonblumer: 1 times
  @joshuaesc: 1 times
  @gopgreenhouse: 1 times
jesse_son mentions:
  @GenDraftComic: 1 times
  @n9uxu: 1 times
  @Swikan: 1 times
  @SmartZombie: 1 times
  @dannyson1: 1 times
animateobjects mentions:
  @BlackLiq: 1 times
  @makonnen@juhasaarinen: 1 times
  @CoopISeeYou: 1 times
  @BastardzAlley: 1 times
  @BlurryJoy: 1 times
  @tragicgarcia: 1 times
  @rtp1982: 1 times
najaralb mentions:
  @vjweedman: 1 times
  @pmcginnis: 1 times
  @fabiofloriano: 1 times
  @NajaraLB: 1 times
oh_so_gucci mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @mckayzoo: 1 times
  @grannypig: 1 times
  @Ramboswife: 1 times
  @OhSoGucci: 1 times
  @AlaskaArtist: 1 times
  @aliholden: 1 times
  @valeriovillari: 1 times
  @T: 1 times
bocmeow mentions:
  @Health4UandPets: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @MulderCat: 1 times
  @headtotail: 1 times
  @BocMeow: 1 times
  @furyume: 1 times
  @tamzcat: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @luckydogtreatco: 1 times
nilanealy mentions:
  @LLAmos: 1 times
  @mrsxavib: 1 times
briannack mentions:
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @robertland: 1 times
  @briannack: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @colincavaliere: 1 times
  @JJIdaho: 1 times
  @FreedomWeaver: 1 times
  @LagoonBand: 1 times
jasonarredondo mentions:
  @TastyTrailers: 1 times
  @jasonarredondo: 1 times
  @txroadshow: 1 times
  @tgray99: 1 times
  @susan3325: 1 times
  @jagowar: 1 times
  @taviaz: 1 times
ruthseeley mentions:
  @beb0s: 1 times
ampdapparel mentions:
  @CaesarsPalace: 1 times
  @24k: 1 times
  @vegasbill: 1 times
  @myvegasscene: 1 times
  @luxaholics: 1 times
  @PureLasVegas: 1 times
  @djkcray: 1 times
krclaypool mentions:
  @kimliebling: 1 times
  @krclaypool: 1 times
emileemarie mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
slackerfan mentions:
kaylaeffbbie mentions:
  @jonnerzFollowFriday: 1 times
  @blondishnet: 1 times
  @kaylaeffbbie: 1 times
  @growline: 1 times
  @fineinteriorsTY: 1 times
  @susanpreston: 1 times
  @tamaraschilling: 1 times
alieninfix mentions:
  @Laurentiius: 1 times
  @SteveSherron: 1 times
  @JohnnyBeane: 1 times
  @JFHUJ: 1 times
  @alienInfix: 1 times
  @randsrazor: 1 times
  @Turncale: 1 times
  @bennyrip: 1 times
  @cookitalian: 1 times
  @italianlanguage: 1 times
ubinam_rosarium mentions:
  @Liturgy: 1 times
co2hog mentions:
  @Svabodnin: 1 times
rfdarius mentions:
  @themerbster: 1 times
  @ruderfinn: 1 times
tonymichalski mentions:
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @TCAGENT: 1 times
  @jeryljagoda: 1 times
  @Zonoma: 1 times
  @shysupernova: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @nettagyrl: 1 times
milolabradoodle mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
silvianasci mentions:
  @jeversonlima: 1 times
taylor_bsstt mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
theclproject mentions:
  @southsalem: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @exposeliberals: 1 times
  @PatriotInExile: 1 times
  @sheeplescareme: 1 times
  @littlebytenews: 1 times
  @BATCOT: 1 times
janell_gibbons mentions:
  @douggpound: 1 times
peech____ mentions:
  @kprincess: 1 times
  @peech: 1 times
jeremybalisong mentions:
  @alyremix: 1 times
  @AriHope: 1 times
  @bdotscotts: 1 times
  @felicianelson: 1 times
  @FARNOOSH: 1 times
  @jaltucher: 1 times
  @pipmaestro: 1 times
  @wallstreetgeek: 1 times
  @talktothewalls: 1 times
loreannefeliz mentions:
  @loreannefeliz: 1 times
  @EmilyOsment: 1 times
  @DavidLeiBrandt: 1 times
  @MileyCyrus: 1 times
  @: 2 times
  @ThomasFiss: 1 times
  @TheBeachGirl5: 1 times
liberatelaurasf mentions:
  @joebrilliant: 1 times
  @gaffta: 1 times
  @thebaybridged: 1 times
  @thetenderloin: 1 times
  @sacca: 1 times
  @qzen: 1 times
  @melodymcc: 1 times
  @plug1: 1 times
  @liberatelaurasf: 1 times
  @sfcdoubledutch: 1 times
davey153 mentions:
  @cbellantoni: 1 times
angelstardust mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
girlwithnoname mentions:
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
  @thefightgeek: 1 times
  @girlwithnoname: 1 times
jblm mentions:
  @DDGriffith: 1 times
  @jblm: 1 times
  @tkpleslie: 1 times
  @mclynd: 1 times
  @savcheesecake: 1 times
  @BuildAListToday: 1 times
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
  @rkotb: 1 times
capnjake mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
surviving3boys mentions:
  @BluesPinksMom: 1 times
  @VideoBlogDiva: 1 times
  @5minutesformom: 1 times
  @frazzle2dazzle: 1 times
  @twittermoms: 1 times
  @Mom24: 1 times
  @abusymommy: 1 times
caribconnect mentions:
  @JamaicanDawta: 1 times
  @jamaicapage: 1 times
  @CaribConnect: 1 times
  @freeandlaughing: 1 times
  @gojamaica: 1 times
  @CaribTweet: 1 times
  @ruthibelle: 1 times
  @kMcDiva: 1 times
  @Richie88: 1 times
  @eddieanne: 1 times
food4sa mentions:
  @colleenpence: 1 times
  @samlerma: 1 times
  @wxprobrian: 1 times
  @EvaRuth: 1 times
  @joeruiz: 1 times
yves_on_habs mentions:
  @AllHabs: 1 times
  @yvesonhabs: 1 times
  @chilepepper: 1 times
  @kuyaz: 1 times
  @bobbyhennessey: 1 times
  @alour: 1 times
  @habstwit: 1 times
  @beezee05: 1 times
  @Phoff: 1 times
  @smalrus: 1 times
momonmars mentions:
  @colleenpence: 1 times
  @samlerma: 1 times
  @wxprobrian: 1 times
  @EvaRuth: 1 times
  @joeruiz: 1 times
filmolocaust mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @AnnEvanston: 1 times
  @Stephanieebcpob: 1 times
  @HealthyTea: 1 times
  @Filmolocaust: 1 times
designtwit mentions:
  @dambold: 1 times
  @designtwit: 1 times
donovantalk mentions:
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @ROCKWITHBECK: 1 times
  @dlueking: 1 times
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
doublepunching mentions:
  @Food4SA: 1 times
  @colleenpence: 1 times
  @samlerma: 1 times
  @wxprobrian: 1 times
  @EvaRuth: 1 times
  @joeruiz: 1 times
juliescardina mentions:
  @elephantjournal: 1 times
  @puffddering: 1 times
performancemags mentions:
  @getrealevents: 1 times
  @colleenjpayne: 1 times
  @michaelbutlersr: 1 times
  @cindywmorrison: 1 times
  @drjeffspeaks: 1 times
macpbr98 mentions:
  @BrainCancerCure: 1 times
mycatisonfire mentions:
  @mstrbrightside: 1 times
adldesign mentions:
  @vardenrhode: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
aislesoffiles mentions:
  @nwtwebsitescom: 1 times
  @jtmartin: 1 times
  @lori1429: 1 times
  @aislesoffiles: 1 times
  @TSElliott: 1 times
  @shellyroche: 1 times
  @AskDayton: 1 times
  @ThemelisCuiper: 1 times
  @codsta: 1 times
  @dhollings: 1 times
opieswifey mentions:
  @MyFourMonkeys: 1 times
stavros79 mentions:
  @Sazchik: 1 times
randomnimities mentions:
  @nicholaswyoung: 1 times
  @paulina1: 1 times
theyogabella mentions:
  @KarenLangston: 1 times
  @RawEpicurean: 1 times
  @schmittit: 1 times
  @hihorosie: 1 times
  @jacquelineHTM: 1 times
  @theamygrace: 1 times
  @TheRawBombshell: 1 times
  @TheYogaBella: 1 times
  @studioredef: 1 times
tensai214 mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
vmramos mentions:
  @ElliotGarciaJr: 1 times
  @Qoobole: 1 times
rickcooper mentions:
  @SpiritualCopy: 1 times
  @RickCooper: 1 times
  @EricLofholm: 1 times
jgdemas mentions:
  @peggyrossmanith: 1 times
  @MochaKitten: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @ToniNoBologny: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
carsetcinc mentions:
  @TracyMyers: 1 times
  @HarleneADM: 1 times
  @PatrickWorkman: 1 times
levelten_colin mentions:
  @rondostar: 1 times
  @surlyz: 1 times
  @sberlin: 1 times
  @drocolate: 1 times
  @rachcreative: 1 times
coyotecolorado mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @PlasticLess: 2 times
  @toptentopten: 2 times
  @DesiznTech: 1 times
  @bitchnet: 1 times
  @travelfit: 1 times
geekyjenn mentions:
  @cheeriokeeper: 1 times
  @BugsMom16: 1 times
  @beautifulwaste: 1 times
twittiqueta mentions:
creationsoflove mentions:
  @JenTheArmyWife: 1 times
  @OldGlorySoldier: 1 times
  @Milblogging: 1 times
  @ArmyWifeDebbie: 1 times
  @ArmySpouse: 1 times
the_nuge_ mentions:
  @thenuge: 3 times
  @EmilReeveHowe: 1 times
ashanter mentions:
  @asIprosper: 1 times
  @richweaver: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @CreateSolutions: 1 times
  @HypnoticYogi: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @liveonpurpose: 1 times
  @MaryCateOMalley: 1 times
genejm29 mentions:
  @NASAGCR: 1 times
  @dmf71: 1 times
  @siahoney: 1 times
hardcore4 mentions:
  @ritaolds: 1 times
  @Hardcore4: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @wandruias: 1 times
mamabeecomedy mentions:
  @billengvall: 1 times
jmoservices mentions:
  @jmoservices: 1 times
sandramartini mentions:
  @michelepw: 1 times
  @kellyoneil: 1 times
  @terrizsoloceo: 1 times
  @bethschneider: 1 times
  @sandramartini: 1 times
  @alexisneely: 1 times
  @ciaradaykin: 1 times
spunkeymama mentions:
  @Alegria21: 1 times
teambudd1 mentions:
  @ThaRocker: 1 times
  @RequestLine: 1 times
  @whiskeyrose7: 1 times
  @kbstewartjr: 1 times
  @NotoriousMUG: 1 times
  @johnlafemina: 1 times
  @ncfcog: 1 times
  @teambudd1: 1 times
kim_diane mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @juliebenz: 1 times
  @bubblevisions: 1 times
  @diablocody: 1 times
  @SaraBareilles: 1 times
shiverstheninja mentions:
  @WeKilledAFP: 1 times
dogopolis mentions:
  @veeball: 1 times
  @LaFrancais: 1 times
  @Karyn: 1 times
  @tophatdog: 1 times
  @mam1cutie: 1 times
  @Houndandhandbag: 1 times
kenknapton mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @InTheDoghouse: 1 times
  @joetracker: 1 times
traviskensinger mentions:
  @letmypridebe: 1 times
  @asherroth: 1 times
  @dangeroussummer: 1 times
  @maydayparade: 1 times
  @ludorock: 1 times
  @thomaspendelton: 1 times
  @urijahfaber: 1 times
tammiejones mentions:
  @philanthropy411: 1 times
  @kanter: 1 times
  @ajlovesya: 1 times
  @hildygottlieb: 1 times
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @philanthropy: 1 times
  @pndblog: 1 times
artsdesireglass mentions:
  @jaesdesign: 1 times
  @RozzyToz: 1 times
  @NHWoods: 1 times
  @ArtsDesireGlass: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @inmyheadstudios: 1 times
  @stonedragonfly: 1 times
filthyouth mentions:
  @eaguiar1970: 1 times
  @joviano: 1 times
  @marytinwe: 1 times
  @marcelobgk: 1 times
olympiahoops mentions:
  @GabriellaSky: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @olympiahoops: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @ElliotGarciaJr: 1 times
bitnibbler mentions:
  @palafo: 1 times
  @mikeelgan: 1 times
alfff mentions:
  @jraquino: 1 times
  @kevjumba: 1 times
  @geektrooper: 1 times
  @gothamist: 1 times
  @kassemg: 1 times
  @chetcannon: 1 times
  @kevinrose: 1 times
  @phillipwang: 1 times
  @bradyjfrey: 1 times
janicegeorge mentions:
jeaninedeal mentions:
  @paula721: 1 times
  @JeanineDeal: 1 times
aronsora mentions:
  @genejm29: 1 times
  @whitelabelspace: 1 times
  @howellspace: 1 times
  @NASAWatch: 1 times
  @PEP010: 1 times
  @MilesObrien: 1 times
  @SpaceflightNow: 1 times
  @NancyA: 1 times
  @DrLucyRogers: 1 times
a_f_r_i_c_a mentions:
squidoo_u_2 mentions:
  @BOLGATANGA: 1 times
jamesrivers mentions:
sarahrosehurt mentions:
  @TeresaKopec: 1 times
  @Rola: 1 times
shitty_kitty mentions:
  @PawLuxury: 1 times
  @anomdesign: 1 times
  @beagle: 1 times
  @gingerkenney: 1 times
  @joannemcgonagle: 1 times
  @troyjunior: 1 times
  @pattyvieira: 1 times
  @doggedpursuit: 1 times
  @BenedictPup: 1 times
bobbijanay mentions:
  @mommysnacks: 1 times
  @BethRosen: 1 times
  @MommaSunshine: 1 times
  @PeasandBananas: 1 times
  @canadianbaldguy: 1 times
  @mssinglemama: 1 times
  @redneckmommy: 1 times
  @MoodyMommy: 1 times
  @erinjeanyfollowfriday: 1 times
katesanner mentions:
  @planBgirl: 1 times
branli mentions:
  @steenaholmes: 1 times
  @elm8: 1 times
  @danisidhe: 1 times
frankbranches mentions:
  @KrisCarter: 1 times
tegacaymusicman mentions:
  @nprpolitics: 1 times
  @FollowFriday: 1 times
princesscutz mentions:
  @phoenixstar9: 1 times
  @TheRealArsenix: 1 times
  @miamendez: 1 times
  @Kphetic: 1 times
  @LEFTLANECEO: 1 times
  @FahBhlaqq: 1 times
  @mekabooDC: 1 times
  @DjBigTymeBeats: 1 times
  @KIKISLYRIC: 1 times
  @thotunu: 1 times
justintbrooks mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
oakleyswitch mentions:
  @jesi76082: 1 times
  @JennyLaplace: 1 times
  @clcharlotte: 1 times
  @snufsnuf: 1 times
  @TravisDST: 1 times
  @RachelNichols: 1 times
benekcj mentions:
  @ZenRabbit: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @benekcj: 1 times
  @SomebodysMother: 1 times
  @Alex7cups: 1 times
  @mckennasmark: 1 times
  @LunaandLarrys: 1 times
paconmiller mentions:
  @whiteafrican: 1 times
  @appfrica: 1 times
  @kiwanja: 1 times
  @kenyapundit: 1 times
visiondecor_evl mentions:
  @Cyberstatic: 1 times
  @visiondecorevl: 1 times
  @LIVdb: 1 times
  @AgentLuke: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @bjasmine: 1 times
  @ZenGrifter: 1 times
shawnaarmstrong mentions:
  @bcuban: 1 times
metrorealtor mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
amiahuja mentions:
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @chrisgarrett: 1 times
  @andybeal: 1 times
  @AmiAhuja: 1 times
  @vewe: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @frankdickinson: 1 times
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
paigea mentions:
  @theotherhillary: 1 times
kd0bik mentions:
  @heiningerhl: 1 times
jscottlowry mentions:
  @G4TV: 1 times
rightinvention mentions:
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @arbonneteam: 1 times
  @BUTTERFLYWHEEL: 1 times
  @MarvinTowler: 1 times
  @PeasandBananas: 1 times
jinxie_g mentions:
  @susanadrian: 1 times
flokari mentions:
  @TheGreatNoodles: 1 times
drejones71 mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @roxinator: 1 times
  @SusanHW: 1 times
  @christinajade: 1 times
  @AZNativeGrandma: 1 times
  @dietcen: 1 times
cheekymonkeeey mentions:
  @sidewalkangels: 1 times
dcrphotography mentions:
  @JosephBrady: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @docmurdock: 1 times
  @doc: 1 times
webtrafficroi mentions:
  @MalachiKelly: 1 times
  @JorgeBessaDears: 1 times
  @FollowRellWalk: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @TinaMSays: 1 times
  @welikeitraw: 1 times
  @RawEpicurean: 1 times
cindymcgregor mentions:
  @ProfessorQB: 1 times
perpetualspiral mentions:
  @SpellGirlSummer: 1 times
  @emmalificent: 1 times
  @lalagator: 1 times
  @abqmurphy: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @KnittingNews: 1 times
brandonadams22 mentions:
  @moxiePR: 1 times
  @sonofthought: 1 times
  @brittanystreet: 1 times
  @brandonadams22: 1 times
  @dameo21: 1 times
  @earAsol: 1 times
  @reginaldsinevet: 1 times
p_lori mentions:
  @BonnieFuller: 1 times
toninobologny mentions:
  @j0shmRT: 1 times
  @gk4truth: 1 times
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @colormered: 1 times
  @Triciadycka: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @SEALStrong: 1 times
  @j0shm: 1 times
  @sicilianlovera: 1 times
barbararoadcap mentions:
  @divacoachdabney: 1 times
  @SaharaDamore: 1 times
chastity_1111 mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @chastity1111: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
ottawagolfblog mentions:
  @iProPuttBob: 1 times
  @GolfersEdge: 1 times
  @AllisonFouch: 1 times
  @GolferWriterGuy: 1 times
lmk71 mentions:
  @BCBerrie: 1 times
  @lmk71: 1 times
mcdawg81 mentions:
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @ManlysRepublic: 1 times
  @BluegrassPundit: 1 times
  @jotebro@RDBONES: 1 times
marshallsheldon mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
leeannholmberg mentions:
  @SusiesQue: 1 times
  @canconat: 1 times
  @savvyva: 1 times
  @leeannholmberg: 1 times
  @vickivoisin: 1 times
  @expertparalegal: 1 times
  @lawbusinesstips: 1 times
  @jenlaviano: 1 times
  @cathyribble: 1 times
shannon_anicas mentions:
  @woodbrothers21: 1 times
  @ourracingdream: 1 times
gtiadvisors mentions:
  @bitnibbler: 1 times
  @anthonymfreed: 1 times
velvetmarmoset mentions:
  @rebeccakoconnor: 1 times
  @nickelsilvrwing: 1 times
wheeldog mentions:
  @bifflawson: 1 times
aarondtaylor mentions:
  @jsuccess: 1 times
clneeley mentions:
  @gaytheologian: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
luckygirl mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
  @willowstream: 1 times
  @StevensonChris: 1 times
  @MauiMichael: 1 times
  @RickBakas: 1 times
  @LuckyGirl: 1 times
valeriesimon mentions:
  @njfamilymag: 1 times
slavicfest mentions:
  @BraveCombo: 1 times
  @ccollinsmith: 1 times
johnnya99 mentions:
  @aspieteach: 1 times
  @pinstripepower: 1 times
  @hellokittiemama: 1 times
talktodiane mentions:
  @lindaAWIappreciate: 1 times
  @AmyStarkher: 1 times
bbrocato mentions:
  @SheRidesTheLion: 1 times
  @JanaPerenchio: 1 times
  @clintavo: 1 times
  @wishwithme: 1 times
  @IdolFanSitenet: 1 times
  @PurpleTriangle: 1 times
geekwearsprada mentions:
  @jasonpaul: 1 times
  @netik: 1 times
  @respres: 1 times
  @PaulRandal: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @techcrunch: 1 times
  @appleblog: 1 times
michaelsuggs mentions:
  @ironbellgym: 1 times
  @monstrocity: 1 times
  @Naturalization: 1 times
  @MichaelSuggs: 1 times
  @sugarjojo: 1 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
peggyrossmanith mentions:
  @JGDemas: 1 times
lindatygenhof mentions:
  @Politicalrn: 1 times
  @caohaoim: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @Melansoned: 1 times
  @pmgreco: 1 times
  @kidranger: 1 times
  @Tygenhof: 1 times
  @michaeldcarney: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
walkychalky mentions:
  @BossdUpProd: 1 times
  @Drewdown4441: 2 times
  @WalkyChalky: 2 times
  @Bossdupprod: 1 times
  @Beauzay: 1 times
kathyswanson mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
phaha mentions:
  @Fitcoach2007: 1 times
  @TSWeightLoss: 1 times
alvinmartinez mentions:
  @DesignObserver: 1 times
  @HFJ: 1 times
  @grainedit: 1 times
  @pentagramdesign: 1 times
  @Fontshop: 1 times
  @fontbureau: 1 times
cara mentions:
  @keithwade: 1 times
vfactoryfans mentions:
  @Asherbook: 1 times
  @teambook: 1 times
  @asher411: 1 times
horsemansdvdmag mentions:
  @ComfyPaws: 1 times
  @sotweet: 1 times
  @anecat: 1 times
  @4everequine: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
koutour3 mentions:
  @Softcrush: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @Koutour3: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @DreamWorthy@shannonseek: 1 times
  @openzine: 1 times
  @kierantong: 1 times
  @DaniBabb: 1 times
  @Vader101: 1 times
  @bi: 1 times
suiteheart15 mentions:
  @moustachette: 1 times
  @JackieDanger: 1 times
  @niffany15: 1 times
  @surealsuri: 1 times
  @icTRI: 1 times
  @TexasEscapes: 1 times
  @jobrosrock87: 1 times
  @PinkTurtle2020: 1 times
clydebuilt mentions:
  @empireofno: 1 times
  @rod76: 1 times
  @LondonVoiceover: 1 times
  @GuyStock: 1 times
  @DanielJUK: 1 times
traceydelcamp mentions:
  @jmoservices: 1 times
  @traceyDelCamp: 1 times
dj_fresh mentions:
  @TownsleyBoy: 1 times
  @DJFresh: 1 times
  @hashobama: 1 times
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @seventhlayer: 1 times
  @shutupmeg: 1 times
  @SPARKLEMONIQUE: 1 times
mike_wesely mentions:
  @AndiHodgetts: 1 times
  @mikewesely: 1 times
bllq21 mentions:
  @mcbuzz: 1 times
mommyof3_angels mentions:
  @nwtwebsitescom: 1 times
  @JenDisaster: 1 times
  @adlyman: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
  @RachieRach3: 1 times
  @mommyof3angels: 1 times
  @ahsan: 1 times
  @KellyTheCoolKid: 1 times
tanyapeila mentions:
  @keries: 1 times
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @Tonkiel: 1 times
  @SlimsTexMex: 1 times
  @revJonny: 1 times
  @LCVoters: 1 times
  @sandflei: 1 times
  @environmentsite: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
  @tanyapeil: 1 times
jenchicktastic mentions:
  @kimlw: 1 times
supacrucial mentions:
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @grownfolksmusic: 1 times
  @QwiLite: 1 times
  @TheInfamousSV: 1 times
  @supacrucial: 1 times
  @NESRA: 1 times
  @DJ1derful: 1 times
  @MouseisTheWal: 1 times
slah3 mentions:
  @faithsonshyne: 1 times
  @Shoq: 1 times
melcaylo mentions:
  @Pipeville: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
matwater213 mentions:
  @GuyVincent: 1 times
  @sapandolive: 1 times
anitasantiago mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
crsepulv mentions:
  @Grado3: 1 times
icelemontea mentions:
  @hughdeburgh: 1 times
paulateeter mentions:
  @InVisionbrand: 2 times
  @MrNetty: 1 times
  @asumer: 1 times
  @euskir: 1 times
  @autwisdom: 1 times
  @PaulaTeeter: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @jaymedley: 1 times
  @RealtorRon: 1 times
arleigh mentions:
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
fejennings mentions:
  @phabi: 1 times
  @ltgenpanda: 1 times
  @bobwarren: 1 times
  @artadvisor: 1 times
  @andyv67: 1 times
jasonpaul mentions:
  @BamaTweetBird: 1 times
  @pourme: 1 times
danivoltolin mentions:
fineinteriors mentions:
  @RickCooper: 1 times
  @ToddLay: 1 times
  @LoriNetSuccess: 1 times
  @argusvantage: 1 times
  @TeresaHBerger: 1 times
  @aalbergo87: 1 times
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
kyon_eirue mentions:
  @DreJones71: 1 times
  @Jaylawrence615: 1 times
  @djbryantd: 1 times
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @mzdavis: 1 times
  @finessdaboss: 1 times
  @djronb: 1 times
  @stixizza: 1 times
  @deshunsmith: 1 times
  @mas: 1 times
sloane mentions:
  @brainwise: 1 times
  @bhinn: 1 times
  @unilove: 1 times
  @gladperez: 1 times
  @andrewlin: 1 times
  @calliemiller: 1 times
  @follownathan: 1 times
jessemac74 mentions:
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @timwhitehomes: 1 times
  @Jessemac74: 1 times
  @AaronMartirano: 1 times
  @WhatIFoundToday: 1 times
  @glinner: 1 times
  @cybilrat: 1 times
sohanlon07 mentions:
  @johnembraceFollowfriday: 1 times
  @Ecoboom: 1 times
  @goodwillharvest: 1 times
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @wecansave: 1 times
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @catesaunders: 1 times
  @steveffeo: 1 times
jamesnutter mentions:
  @jamesnutter: 1 times
laffinatcha mentions:
  @Tymlee: 1 times
  @thepetshopboy: 1 times
  @anaBeLLyae: 1 times
  @wafflesgirls: 1 times
  @summermendoza: 1 times
  @tweebirds: 1 times
  @ComedyInitials: 1 times
  @charlesjhey: 1 times
  @kellbell68: 1 times
scootergirl76 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
toonzie mentions:
zagrrl mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
  @bmaldonado: 1 times
  @mirzwick: 1 times
  @julibarcelona: 1 times
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @Sweetnote: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
danih mentions:
  @nataan: 1 times
  @DCNauta: 1 times
princessmina mentions:
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @Rios3: 1 times
  @MzAngelO: 1 times
  @truthmaker: 1 times
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
  @christocentric: 1 times
  @Child0fGod: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @bruwmac: 1 times
bmaldonado mentions:
  @toyotagladstone: 1 times
valkyrie12668 mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @YouServed: 1 times
  @bouhammer: 1 times
  @cjgrisham: 1 times
june_prissydog mentions:
  @steckles: 1 times
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @Zissy4PetTalez: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
wiltwallace mentions:
  @djwallysparks: 1 times
  @JenBoogie: 1 times
  @WiltWallace: 1 times
  @DaveHouseOutlaw: 1 times
  @AlLindstrom: 1 times
  @YoungSav: 1 times
  @latinprince: 1 times
  @blazewong: 1 times
susanlorelei mentions:
  @mellowdi: 1 times
thefirstcarol mentions:
  @ancjobs: 1 times
cupcakes5 mentions:
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @BLACKRHOMBUS: 1 times
  @PodCastRob: 1 times
royalt_rapqueen mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @Thabizness: 1 times
jesseluna mentions:
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
aizjanika mentions:
  @AnoopDoggDesai: 2 times
captainskyhawk mentions:
  @nscaletti: 1 times
  @JosephPMathews: 1 times
  @thorthecat: 1 times
  @erinwarde: 1 times
  @thespianduckie: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
rachelwf mentions:
  @diablocody: 1 times
  @harpers: 1 times
  @JasonSegel: 1 times
prwise mentions:
  @BostonMaggie: 1 times
  @PRwise: 1 times
recreate mentions:
  @chadjarnagin: 1 times
  @normalrockstar: 1 times
  @brockgill: 1 times
  @davidhholloway: 1 times
  @spencesmith: 1 times
  @recreate: 1 times
  @randywilliams: 1 times
oneclubgolf mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @Musicality101: 1 times
  @OneClubGolf: 1 times
  @FreedomFactory: 1 times
  @MaryBeth66: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @andreakrealtor: 1 times
itshooks mentions:
  @Eagles: 1 times
  @eaglesnews: 1 times
  @EaglesNFL: 1 times
  @ProFootballTalk: 1 times
  @nfl: 1 times
  @nflnetwork: 1 times
wendyscherer mentions:
  @RedheadWriting: 1 times
  @cabotcoop: 1 times
  @facefile: 1 times
  @pembaserves: 1 times
thedivineprince mentions:
  @Josette78: 1 times
  @MekaVarela: 1 times
  @pinkcornbread: 1 times
  @KeemoD: 1 times
  @TheDivinePrince: 1 times
  @ASK4ME: 1 times
  @ScaliberHarlem: 1 times
  @polo65th: 1 times
growinggold mentions:
  @maraBG: 1 times
britishbulldog mentions:
  @RaceSpeed: 1 times
  @britishbulldog: 1 times
the1chz mentions:
  @TheAmazingTweet: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @the1chz: 1 times
  @VegasPartners: 1 times
  @TamiaDanielle: 1 times
  @Loveandemulsion: 1 times
inspirationday mentions:
  @LindaThieman: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @InspirationDay: 1 times
  @blogcritics: 1 times
jtdesigns mentions:
  @pimpmywordpress: 1 times
  @myinkblog: 1 times
  @bluewavemedia: 1 times
  @mrrichardson: 1 times
  @maverick18@jtdesigns: 1 times
  @kwbridge: 1 times
  @0lli: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
sweetames mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
asamurphy mentions:
  @Svanfridur: 1 times
  @globalcopywrite: 1 times
  @WebDonuts: 1 times
  @PoisonTheMonkey: 1 times
ariana_lee mentions:
  @anieszkaa: 2 times
  @SeanOrDiefollowfriday: 1 times
  @AkelaK: 1 times
  @ArianaLee: 1 times
  @aza1234: 1 times
  @DAREvolutionary: 1 times
  @TheSuiteEscape: 1 times
  @RevengOfTheVirg: 1 times
  @Big: 1 times
bigideaguy mentions:
  @davidrscott: 1 times
  @bigideaguy: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
shinedrumco mentions:
  @thesegreeneyes: 1 times
  @foxheadinc: 1 times
  @mtvu: 1 times
  @warped09: 1 times
  @kevinsaysstage: 1 times
  @shinedrumco: 1 times
  @jeffinmotion: 1 times
  @colinvsgravity: 1 times
  @gregtge: 1 times
  @marktge: 1 times
suzyslaw mentions:
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @americandream09: 2 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @thomaswparry: 1 times
  @MrC817: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @suzyslaw: 1 times
patriciasmiley mentions:
  @SallyGolf: 1 times
  @bobmcdonnell: 1 times
  @LGBillBolling: 1 times
tammytrent mentions:
  @virginiahill: 1 times
  @anitarundell: 1 times
  @pam777: 1 times
  @sdministry: 1 times
ciaolaura mentions:
  @ItalyTravelista: 1 times
pennerj mentions:
  @MelissaatBIF: 1 times
  @bif5: 1 times
phylogenomics mentions:
  @LIVESTRONGCEO: 1 times
  @kzelnio: 1 times
  @corygolden: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
  @RebeccaSkloot: 1 times
  @glynmoody: 1 times
  @MicrobeWorld: 1 times
mz_roboto mentions:
  @TinaFey: 1 times
homegirlblog mentions:
  @NtrlBrwnSista: 1 times
  @HomeGirlBlog: 1 times
daasie mentions:
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
ms10touch mentions:
  @ms10touch: 1 times
  @madmanagerG: 1 times
  @youngcj86: 1 times
motylman mentions:
  @BonnieC06: 1 times
  @sueissilly: 1 times
  @rockconway: 1 times
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
  @hunnibeez: 1 times
  @lchad: 1 times
  @SusieO: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @kimlw: 1 times
  @cheesmo: 1 times
  @greymous: 1 times
  @davrutick: 1 times
lauriebailey mentions:
  @LauriRottmayer: 1 times
  @goldieAZ: 1 times
  @sissyto4: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @Betseyross: 1 times
soundzdj mentions:
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
miss_socialite mentions:
brianlayman mentions:
  @hklbry: 1 times
  @yat4ever: 1 times
andinarvaez mentions:
  @MauraHernandez: 2 times
chrislopezjr mentions:
  @domainvestors: 1 times
janeejohnson mentions:
  @janeejohnson: 1 times
  @marabg: 1 times
brandonrichey mentions:
  @RebekahReidy: 1 times
  @fivekoi: 1 times
  @masomandy: 1 times
  @BodySynergy: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @ironbellgym: 1 times
  @treymcnease: 1 times
larryzogby mentions:
  @PeterPekFollow: 1 times
  @flipbooks: 1 times
jendeaderick mentions:
  @randomdeanna: 1 times
  @anitaborgorg: 1 times
  @WomenWhoTech: 1 times
thebettersexdoc mentions:
  @QueensOnly: 1 times
  @E140Tweets: 1 times
  @MeanGurlShea: 1 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @chantelleaustin: 1 times
  @mistressmia: 1 times
  @paulaspleasures: 1 times
artbyjean mentions:
  @MilieunetRT: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @pastorkayte: 1 times
  @heshiesegal: 1 times
  @wordlotto: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
  @artbyjean: 1 times
  @eMarketingguru: 1 times
candacesheets mentions:
  @JosephBrady: 1 times
pbandjcreations mentions:
toddlay mentions:
  @RickCooper: 1 times
  @OfficeDeva: 1 times
  @WilsonVA: 1 times
  @MichelleUlrich: 1 times
  @ToddLay: 1 times
  @Erinblaskie: 1 times
jrrilynn1 mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @cjgrisham: 1 times
misspettypants mentions:
  @michaelheinigerThx: 1 times
  @smartinvesting: 1 times
  @butterflydogs: 1 times
  @KSMBC: 1 times
  @MargeInovera: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @ChungLiew: 1 times
  @MsMartinez2: 1 times
jessejstreet mentions:
  @ddenson: 1 times
  @berly6412: 1 times
wjsalls mentions:
  @itsFranco: 1 times
  @yaniksilver: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @SherryALeigh: 1 times
  @ZechParker: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
wood_brothers21 mentions:
  @Murfbsurfn78: 1 times
michaelbowers mentions:
  @DWill400: 1 times
  @natashahastings: 1 times
bptbtrfly mentions:
  @katriord: 1 times
rollingtstores mentions:
  @lisasuttora: 1 times
  @matthewbredel: 1 times
  @chriscobb: 1 times
  @robanderson: 1 times
  @ricraftis: 1 times
  @rgvcommunity: 1 times
enlightenedk9 mentions:
madamaambi mentions:
  @schillingfan: 1 times
candan76 mentions:
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
  @lindasmith247: 1 times
  @EricaNurney: 1 times
  @zparcell: 1 times
  @ArnaudJacobs: 1 times
  @threedukes: 1 times
  @Brandi88: 1 times
  @sswayze: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @xlr8ted: 1 times
tylertorment mentions:
  @iamnotnervous: 1 times
awesomeinchloss mentions:
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
hannityhater mentions:
  @missno: 1 times
  @crystalpiano: 1 times
  @RckStarDaddy: 1 times
  @phive0phor: 1 times
bdmaroon mentions:
  @mbhulo: 1 times
  @negaratduke: 1 times
llenar mentions:
  @Sheldon2121: 1 times
  @thescottbishop: 1 times
  @Arantxa304: 1 times
  @llenar: 1 times
  @TDRob: 1 times
  @JessicaYahn: 1 times
  @thatkuehnelady: 1 times
pripper mentions:
  @phaoloo: 1 times
connor_mead mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @Speaker99: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @jamesofctpmag: 1 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @TeeTwitty: 1 times
scout66com mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @CollectiveSoul: 1 times
pinwheelgirl mentions:
  @RichRosdal: 1 times
  @pinwheelgirl: 1 times
jctrick mentions:
  @ChrisYosef: 1 times
  @ElementPDX: 1 times
kyleroth mentions:
  @dlayphoto: 1 times
ranymartins mentions:
  @papodemacho: 1 times
brendafranzo mentions:
  @: 1 times
jeromeshaw mentions:
  @tweetsophia: 1 times
  @donnafeldman: 1 times
  @TheBigKlosowski: 1 times
kuodesign mentions:
shantanu_1 mentions:
  @money4tweets: 1 times
  @johna404: 2 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @billzucker: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @CherriLala: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @kyrobbins: 1 times
sowmyak mentions:
  @BondGyrl: 1 times
  @goodiemonster: 1 times
  @RheaBea: 1 times
  @rashaunh: 1 times
  @JLBarrow: 1 times
  @Saptosa135th: 1 times
  @SowmyaK: 1 times
  @mscarame187: 1 times
  @thawrite1: 1 times
  @Jus: 1 times
sheasaray mentions:
  @minunianda: 1 times
  @Sheasaray: 1 times
travelwithkev mentions:
  @girlsgetaway: 1 times
  @Travelogged: 1 times
  @wendyperrin: 1 times
  @MarilynRes: 1 times
bellawise mentions:
  @iTzMiCa: 2 times
  @Bellawise: 1 times
  @HiDEF20: 1 times
  @ProVurb: 1 times
  @DeepestFantasy: 1 times
  @jimmycalhoun: 1 times
  @Lala1120: 1 times
keithdriscoll mentions:
  @EMFK: 1 times
  @TrinityAnderson: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @rfwilkins: 1 times
  @lyleses07: 1 times
cali_vegas mentions:
  @ItsOnAlexa: 1 times
  @KappaPhiLambda: 1 times
  @emilyhogan: 1 times
  @LoveHannahGold: 1 times
  @iAmAmazing: 1 times
  @liinnn: 1 times
intuitioncoach mentions:
beartwinsmom mentions:
tarynp mentions:
  @bobburg: 1 times
  @daivrawks: 1 times
  @ATLPaisan: 1 times
  @mikeWesely: 1 times
  @toddschnick: 1 times
  @stonepayton: 1 times
lynndorman mentions:
  @jimnnoke: 1 times
juliaawhite mentions:
  @redmondwashfollowfriday: 1 times
  @DivaTink: 1 times
  @BillWixey: 1 times
  @LilyJang: 1 times
  @howiecohen: 1 times
  @jcx2: 1 times
  @VisitRedmond: 1 times
  @gregperry: 1 times
  @BecThomasPhoto: 1 times
davidjunephoto mentions:
  @krisszupa: 2 times
  @behoff: 1 times
  @otaku13: 1 times
  @davidjunephoto: 1 times
  @themactrainer: 1 times
  @pastorandymac: 1 times
  @adaminspired: 1 times
balemar mentions:
  @TarynP: 1 times
sensuouswife mentions:
  @leahita: 1 times
  @blauehavik: 1 times
  @dalegoodridge: 1 times
  @DonGoyo29: 1 times
  @andreakrealtor: 1 times
  @rocknrod: 1 times
  @sensuouswife: 1 times
  @aargenz1: 1 times
rockinmomma mentions:
  @onthefringe: 1 times
brittanycalvert mentions:
  @KateFierce: 1 times
scottataylor mentions:
  @MarthasNotary: 1 times
thetricks mentions:
  @denharsh: 1 times
  @btemplates: 1 times
  @thetricks: 1 times
kareberrie mentions:
  @scholastic: 1 times
  @KidsPress: 1 times
billebaty mentions:
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @GMarketingGuy: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @TerryAllison: 1 times
jepaladino mentions:
  @beafields: 1 times
poniewozik mentions:
  @carr2n: 1 times
creepingsharia mentions:
hockeyfan427 mentions:
  @FWSR28: 1 times
lisaschrader mentions:
  @JulReDesigns: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @eleesha: 1 times
  @LisaSchrader: 1 times
  @HawaiianLife: 1 times
  @DrAyala: 1 times
stylishexec mentions:
  @SeeaNewYou: 1 times
  @intuitiveflow: 1 times
  @StylishExec: 1 times
  @bmartin112: 1 times
  @dcdsweetie: 1 times
  @jaceypants: 1 times
  @MomPink: 1 times
harmonizingtfa mentions:
  @TheRatRaceRebel: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @PurrfectOne: 1 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @BigBBrown: 1 times
  @mlchawaii: 1 times
  @sdesic: 1 times
  @oreoking: 1 times
hotmbc mentions:
  @OrangeGene: 1 times
doudoubebe mentions:
  @toyalliance: 1 times
  @sarahssilks: 1 times
  @slingjax: 1 times
  @sweetmamadotca: 1 times
  @dittany: 1 times
  @yahoocanadalife: 1 times
kirste mentions:
hippiechick68 mentions:
  @amandaoaks: 1 times
sleeprun mentions:
  @carlyluvsunited: 1 times
flyingspatula mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
tlm1984 mentions:
  @jacobb06: 1 times
trey_brown mentions:
  @FairTaxTweets: 1 times
mbhulo mentions:
  @chookooloonks: 1 times
  @thebloggess: 1 times
kmorrison mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @GailDoby: 1 times
  @CostaVidaFred: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @carolschneider: 1 times
  @SpiritCoach: 1 times
  @jodymal: 1 times
  @iranix: 1 times
rsp2009 mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @RSP2009: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @MichaelDinoff: 2 times
  @StayinPositive: 1 times
  @evahester: 1 times
nextvoice247 mentions:
  @jnickles: 1 times
  @magnetsfast: 1 times
  @wayneliew: 1 times
  @perrybelcher: 1 times
  @nextvoice247: 1 times
  @bradleywill: 1 times
  @smallbizbee: 1 times
  @jn: 1 times
beauche mentions:
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @AnalystAlterEgo: 1 times
therausch09 mentions:
  @CatRauscher: 1 times
ninamorena mentions:
  @BodyguardBeats: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @theworldfamous: 1 times
  @mrsolowkey: 1 times
  @actingblack: 1 times
  @pipper12: 1 times
  @ninamorena: 1 times
  @LazyGenius: 1 times
  @marcy718: 1 times
custompcmax mentions:
  @jmacofearth: 1 times
rocwithfort mentions:
  @seresvictoria: 1 times
  @ZombieRiot: 1 times
  @Katersoneseven: 1 times
  @RocWithFort: 1 times
  @Kamper: 1 times
  @KiraVonSutra: 1 times
  @natalietran: 1 times
  @MrsSmith007: 1 times
knowledgenode mentions:
  @abranches: 1 times
mindylamont mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @MindyLamont: 1 times
aigabirmingham mentions:
  @therest: 1 times
ajtwist mentions:
  @chichula: 1 times
pantherqueen mentions:
  @GoatsInCoats: 1 times
theotrek mentions:
  @ShawnHussey: 1 times
funkyblueame mentions:
  @transniper: 1 times
lucracars mentions:
meccamusic mentions:
  @NextwaveRay: 2 times
  @Joan64: 1 times
  @davidgideon: 1 times
  @betdollar4dime: 1 times
  @meccamusic: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @kospina: 1 times
missstarlet mentions:
  @krystynchong: 1 times
  @Boutiquing: 1 times
  @UnkScreenwriter: 1 times
  @TheUserPool: 1 times
  @kimduess: 1 times
  @offgrid: 1 times
  @dailyactor: 1 times
  @hunttalent: 1 times
renowriter mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
scottk75 mentions:
  @jessicalh07: 1 times
sleepynewmommy mentions:
dezoris mentions:
  @VenusDoom13: 1 times
jaimilicious mentions:
  @jesseluna: 1 times
  @lisastarlynn: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
iamchrisfish mentions:
truth_4u2_c mentions:
  @thizgurl: 1 times
dfreakazoid mentions:
  @keritaa: 1 times
peppersgirl mentions:
  @messsias: 1 times
acelo mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @dennylavish: 1 times
cubancongaman mentions:
  @USAMIA: 1 times
  @tanyabachand: 1 times
  @babj615: 1 times
  @KevRightWinger: 1 times
  @execulive: 1 times
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @majbc1: 1 times
  @sissyto4: 1 times
bgolbourne mentions:
  @MyVegasScene: 1 times
  @PhotoDivaLV: 1 times
santasdevil mentions:
  @ShinyHappyHead: 1 times
masscons mentions:
  @dcc1234: 1 times
  @BostonPatriot: 1 times
rebecca_reece mentions:
  @WadeHM63: 1 times
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @JStamper09: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @TerriLPN: 1 times
  @howard74: 1 times
  @peteravalos: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
extroverbalist mentions:
  @poniewozik: 1 times
  @carr2n: 1 times
kylaworld mentions:
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
keithwade mentions:
katheesue mentions:
  @richstep51: 1 times
  @londicreations: 1 times
  @katheesue: 1 times
lynnatl mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
meangurlshea mentions:
  @QueensOnly: 1 times
  @MarkClayson: 1 times
  @InflewenceofINF: 1 times
  @NikiMari: 1 times
  @ConsigliereTen: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @motivationmama: 1 times
  @T: 1 times
g33kguy mentions:
  @iamtiff: 1 times
kathyhadley mentions:
  @marismith: 1 times
  @MariaSimone: 1 times
  @dorcyrussell: 1 times
  @kimcastle: 1 times
  @stephaniefrank: 1 times
  @alexisneely: 1 times
basswoods mentions:
  @thegman: 1 times
  @GardeningFun: 1 times
samnzed mentions:
  @rosehwang: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
waterrose mentions:
  @ZaftigDelights: 1 times
  @Bazketmkr: 1 times
  @NiftyKnits: 1 times
  @RoxanneZYG: 1 times
  @hoganfe: 1 times
  @ByYourSide2009: 1 times
chilangelina mentions:
  @PilarMarrero: 1 times
  @DameElizabeth: 1 times
  @jairocalixto: 1 times
  @cupto: 1 times
multiaxismatt mentions:
  @EZOwens: 1 times
  @portlandist: 1 times
  @LunaCafe: 1 times
  @ergagit: 1 times
  @estoni: 1 times
  @famfriendsfood: 1 times
  @feblub: 1 times
  @felicelam: 1 times
  @Flavorbank: 1 times
  @Food2: 1 times
  @TLGame: 1 times
beatthebar mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @BeatTheBar: 1 times
  @Hibippytea: 1 times
  @BRACpet: 1 times
  @Decotta: 1 times
  @isaiasmalta: 1 times
  @LaseriumLA: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @Mommyt22: 1 times
clg_cnd mentions:
  @pb9441: 2 times
  @iMrNiceGuy0023: 1 times
  @CLGCND: 2 times
  @supermini63: 1 times
  @jodonohue: 1 times
  @amc59: 1 times
  @MollyFaraday: 1 times
thatmlmbeat mentions:
  @USNretired: 1 times
  @WaynesWideWorld: 1 times
  @storesupply: 1 times
  @NannyToYou: 1 times
  @thatMLMbeat: 1 times
waytoohigh mentions:
carolinadj mentions:
  @ShellyRouse: 1 times
  @denisequintana: 1 times
kbranch mentions:
  @pogue: 1 times
  @applespotlight: 1 times
  @philellsworth: 1 times
  @dsilverman: 1 times
  @tuaw: 1 times
gainesradio mentions:
  @teeco71: 1 times
  @WendyShow: 1 times
  @billyontheradio: 1 times
  @paulcubbybryant: 1 times
rapzilla mentions:
  @rapzillas: 1 times
  @philzilla: 1 times
zackoid mentions:
  @MorningZoo985: 1 times
  @MitchelMusso: 1 times
  @JoJoWright: 1 times
laurajdaley mentions:
  @blindguy55: 1 times
dougsandquist mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
berryhelpful mentions:
  @josephaoliva: 1 times
  @CaramelWondar: 1 times
  @ashleiromero: 1 times
  @pinkmotown: 1 times
  @randytho: 1 times
  @inhabitedvoid: 1 times
  @BRSDiddy: 1 times
  @ndru: 1 times
  @asilentsong: 1 times
tipigal mentions:
  @PaulHassing: 1 times
self2luv mentions:
  @mjshepard: 1 times
  @Prettyeyes989: 1 times
  @FIRMBELIEVER: 1 times
  @TreyEley: 1 times
  @wugambina: 1 times
  @VanillaVillain: 1 times
  @cherries69: 1 times
  @SELF2LUV: 1 times
  @vanitiiluv: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
carriefabulous mentions:
  @caribbeancarmel: 1 times
  @carriefabulous: 1 times
  @sparkal: 1 times
  @lovedvintage: 1 times
  @lisad35: 1 times
  @fit2beme: 1 times
  @tigerlvr28: 1 times
locavoreblog mentions:
  @NaomiStarkman: 1 times
  @civileater: 1 times
  @ethicurean: 1 times
  @tomphilpott: 1 times
  @elanors: 1 times
marcioguru mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
julieunplugged mentions:
  @lizwertz: 1 times
  @julieunplugged: 1 times
flightskoolgrad mentions:
  @DAMAYAxGABAR: 1 times
  @FlightSkoolGrad: 1 times
katieruns mentions:
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @katieruns: 1 times
  @numbnutz3: 1 times
  @creolediet: 1 times
  @heeli: 1 times
mikecheung mentions:
  @markohatma: 1 times
  @tinakei: 1 times
texskiss mentions:
  @Jennifer721: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
  @stevengehrke: 1 times
  @suefaw: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
symanthafox mentions:
  @modsun: 1 times
denisesbears mentions:
  @CaraScrapNStamp: 1 times
dragonblogger mentions:
  @SusanBerland: 1 times
  @KenNiko: 1 times
  @EqualityAmerica: 1 times
  @piece2dot0: 1 times
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @naturallyknotty: 1 times
  @Teriss: 1 times
  @wahujen: 1 times
jayl mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
mrscrubby mentions:
  @BunnyJeanCook: 1 times
  @MacandFuzCat: 1 times
  @puppythecat: 1 times
  @snowydaze: 1 times
  @SphynxAll: 1 times
  @BrunoTheDog: 1 times
  @Emberr: 1 times
  @CircusKitty: 1 times
rhondarichey mentions:
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
kyekinci mentions:
  @danmillerbbnq: 1 times
dpcafe mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
cathybytheriver mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
wyngalbraith mentions:
  @Jenocide312: 1 times
leeaase mentions:
  @josullivan: 1 times
blingafe mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
writinginrain mentions:
  @Timberwolf123: 1 times
kellebelle1981 mentions:
  @stareyeddiva: 1 times
  @kellebelle1981: 6 times
glorifiedgofers mentions:
  @NextwaveRay: 1 times
  @DaVinciGroup: 1 times
  @EsbjornLarsen: 1 times
  @Nextwaveray: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @DaVinciiDeb: 1 times
  @ThomasFrey: 1 times
  @jsutme: 1 times
michaelowenhill mentions:
  @petrolhead62: 1 times
  @frodofied: 1 times
  @euphoriaphotog: 1 times
  @ericgrant: 1 times
  @xlad: 1 times
  @nathicana: 1 times
  @rabaut: 1 times
sailorj mentions:
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @LynneKaren: 1 times
  @netgrrl: 1 times
  @MistrE: 1 times
  @jooleebee: 1 times
  @iChristyD: 1 times
  @tophertron: 1 times
  @AcousticMike: 1 times
  @Badlikeme: 1 times
  @iTingraphix: 1 times
xenophon10k mentions:
  @omniscious: 1 times
  @jfburroway: 1 times
  @dburroway: 1 times
  @jburroway: 1 times
  @itinerantfoodie: 1 times
  @hillsmarket: 1 times
cathygday mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
grandmalori mentions:
  @GrandmaLori: 1 times
  @DrRickGoodman: 1 times
  @lauriehardy: 1 times
  @Darlenedean: 1 times
cleverindie mentions:
  @jenhintz: 1 times
  @indiebusiness: 1 times
  @studio618: 1 times
  @nothannah: 1 times
  @susanpowter: 1 times
  @janedevin: 1 times
  @beadinpath: 1 times
  @crazymokes: 1 times
  @ccashman: 1 times
  @thefishpants: 1 times
speciallist mentions:
  @andrewbreitbart: 1 times
  @ZoMachoSauce: 1 times
  @TMRNetwork: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @julescrittenden: 1 times
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @JimNorton: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @GitRDoneLarry: 1 times
erinpatrick mentions:
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
icumonstuff mentions:
  @TarynThomas: 1 times
rebelbrown mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
austinpangeeks mentions:
  @Dichenlachman: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @miraclelaurie: 1 times
  @CharismaCH: 1 times
  @JewelStaite: 1 times
  @alydenisof: 1 times
jon_wain mentions:
  @samanthabellax3: 1 times
  @SirAlgernon: 1 times
  @keilapyt26: 1 times
  @sexybatch: 1 times
  @Amazin126: 1 times
  @420Report: 1 times
worksinprogress mentions:
  @sewcute: 1 times
  @kismet1990: 1 times
lesperk mentions:
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @workformeonline: 1 times
  @dwo34: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @lesperk: 1 times
humorvideos mentions:
  @stevesjc: 1 times
  @BluegrassPundit: 1 times
  @Humorvideos: 1 times
  @DavidBTwit: 1 times
  @LondonNetRT: 1 times
  @bighappyvideo: 1 times
  @rynofizzy: 1 times
  @PierrePeter: 1 times
  @DoGoodThings: 1 times
dharmavoyager mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @dirkjohnson: 1 times
  @morriganfae: 1 times
  @kimokali: 1 times
  @dharmacharya: 1 times
  @dakini3: 1 times
  @Charmainewai: 1 times
  @gNotapipe: 1 times
  @jnanagarbha: 1 times
dauria mentions:
  @crushlovely: 1 times
  @benjaminreece: 1 times
hoolu58 mentions:
  @frannis: 1 times
teeg mentions:
  @delwilliams: 1 times
  @StephanieFrank: 1 times
familytravelmom mentions:
  @BetterisLittle: 1 times
danagillbro mentions:
  @kimjayeveryday: 1 times
  @JPlovesMEM: 1 times
  @danapixie: 1 times
  @Suzyqbee: 1 times
  @CathyBend: 1 times
esthersteinfeld mentions:
  @jonkurozawa: 1 times
  @triveraguy: 1 times
  @BlindscomCEO: 1 times
savvyplay mentions:
  @alexisebasttien: 1 times
  @2motivate: 1 times
  @worldfamousco: 1 times
  @savvyplay: 1 times
  @apothecaryjeri: 1 times
  @ceowellne: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
caseykrause mentions:
  @CarrieStephens: 1 times
artrep1 mentions:
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @COWBOYJDANOS: 1 times
  @Artrep1: 1 times
  @LoreleiSands: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
beauarmstrong mentions:
  @jerusha: 1 times
  @BeckyJoubert: 1 times
  @CelebritiCat: 1 times
  @GrantThomson: 1 times
  @RossArntson: 1 times
  @dennislgarcia: 1 times
  @zskipper2007: 1 times
  @ChantellePaige: 1 times
dakingdavid mentions:
  @BastardzAlley: 1 times
  @DaKingDavid: 1 times
  @Kratos7788: 1 times
  @RealRoyalty: 1 times
caribbeaninfo mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
heathwhiteaker mentions:
hugh_white mentions:
  @brandonacox: 1 times
  @kbuech: 1 times
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
  @saxplaya07: 1 times
  @manifestmmind: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
dalissa mentions:
  @Sombrera: 1 times
  @lisapeet1: 1 times
  @reneedeluca: 1 times
  @ginahyams: 1 times
  @ayeletw: 1 times
gemshows mentions:
  @Raqy: 1 times
  @BearBob: 1 times
  @wtek: 1 times
  @RockYourWire: 1 times
  @beadbiz: 1 times
  @Spencerlapidary: 1 times
  @roughrocks: 1 times
  @TaoGem: 1 times
pinkfest mentions:
  @redrabbit: 1 times
  @SherrieChastain: 1 times
  @jconley21: 1 times
  @punkykittie: 1 times
  @parisMCR4evr: 1 times
  @taluta: 1 times
mikachu02 mentions:
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @hiphopfriends: 1 times
  @mikachu02: 1 times
  @pastorronnie: 1 times
  @Nolex: 1 times
  @joeslaughter: 1 times
  @phelpsbridges: 1 times
sonnydeejay mentions:
  @Misfire: 1 times
  @LarsLB: 1 times
  @DJMoReX: 1 times
  @trancestyle: 1 times
  @frankhale: 1 times
  @lazyrussian: 1 times
  @ilovetrance: 1 times
  @Sonnydeejay: 1 times
  @JayDanger: 1 times
  @olafquintessa: 1 times
  @ho: 1 times
strack16 mentions:
  @DawnFine: 1 times
  @MaineBirder: 1 times
  @birdingbev: 1 times
  @picusblog: 1 times
igor_simanovski mentions:
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @EQGal: 1 times
  @DrJaredThomas: 1 times
  @essentialsnutra: 1 times
  @majorleaguegeek: 1 times
  @MotivatorGator: 1 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
nnus mentions:
  @thecitizen: 2 times
  @triplepundit: 1 times
louiec3 mentions:
  @Alonis: 1 times
  @twnstar2: 1 times
  @AlBoeBNO: 1 times
  @westsider2: 1 times
  @traceyn74: 1 times
kof2002 mentions:
  @weirdchina: 1 times
coachlouisa mentions:
  @davorado: 1 times
  @Infinitarchitek: 1 times
  @MermaidMeg: 1 times
  @SickleAdvocate: 1 times
  @CoachLouisa: 1 times
  @ArunBasilLal: 1 times
yourhighniss mentions:
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @YourHighniss: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @MyOnlineShop: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @simonhamer: 1 times
  @TwitBotNews: 1 times
newmoonfacebook mentions:
  @twilighterlovee: 1 times
  @pocketfriends: 1 times
  @Celz29: 1 times
  @pocketedward: 1 times
  @pesreplicant: 1 times
  @TinyEdward: 1 times
  @Nom1218: 1 times
  @tholdersr: 1 times
  @JEN5TARRR: 1 times
magicianofoz mentions:
  @Teri8D: 1 times
dandelion69420 mentions:
  @executive321: 1 times
  @lisisilveira: 1 times
  @Abeeliever: 1 times
  @JilliAnthemette: 1 times
  @MamaBee4: 1 times
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @LynnRose: 1 times
producedbyregg mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @JOCCITY: 1 times
  @ProducedbyRegg: 1 times
  @barbeauxdoll: 1 times
zakirjaafar mentions:
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @AskScarlette: 1 times
  @ZakirJaafar: 1 times
  @KayBallard: 1 times
  @zenshine: 1 times
  @Grenhilda: 1 times
greatestwork mentions:
  @PeopleString: 1 times
  @JerryBullard: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @Oludee: 1 times
  @greatestwork: 1 times
moreilley mentions:
  @OCSupreme: 1 times
  @MoReilley: 1 times
exsimon mentions:
  @astro127: 1 times
hummingbird2 mentions:
  @RescueAnimals: 1 times
gwynnek mentions:
  @deblavoy: 1 times
aflyonthewall mentions:
  @GemShows: 1 times
  @Jessa1155: 1 times
dalaixerces mentions:
  @macosrumors: 1 times
  @WelcomeToMacdoesnt: 1 times
kkjordan mentions:
  @rmphotography: 1 times
themusicobsessi mentions:
  @Gomerch: 1 times
  @decaydance: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @FOEtweets: 1 times
  @heymonday: 1 times
charleneburgett mentions:
  @medmacs: 1 times
  @POMAA1: 1 times
wetnoses mentions:
  @ourdailytweetfollowfriday: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @laura5y: 1 times
briago mentions:
  @figaredo: 1 times
nilanti mentions:
  @UniqueLynique: 1 times
  @taicollins: 1 times
  @PeruvianConnect: 1 times
  @CEOofSHEGETDOE: 1 times
  @NILANTI: 1 times
  @paulelgin: 1 times
  @nubianqueen09: 1 times
  @MissFarrahFollowFriday: 1 times
  @RealityTVBuzzz: 1 times
ijustwannabeme mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @luv4Animation: 1 times
  @SocialMediaB: 1 times
  @magmaker: 1 times
  @DeeWoodz: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
looegee mentions:
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @AmericanYard: 1 times
  @Guildasxmboy: 1 times
  @EReill: 1 times
  @brnsuga79: 1 times
  @platinumplusent: 1 times
  @BriBri2007: 1 times
  @Looegee: 1 times
  @MissH: 1 times
puresight mentions:
  @ProfessorQB: 1 times
huronsailor mentions:
  @LiveYourBrandI: 1 times
  @GoldenVA: 1 times
webdevgeek mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
lookadoo mentions:
  @martinbowlings: 1 times
wdmarkpc mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @freemarketplace: 1 times
  @MorrisFisher: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
  @Convertbond: 1 times
  @WDMARKPC: 1 times
  @BPLLandscapeInc: 1 times
theladyjane mentions:
  @TwiExaminer: 1 times
  @robpattznews: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @bobbylongnews: 1 times
  @samueltwitt1: 1 times
  @marcusfoster1: 1 times
terricook mentions:
  @JoanneRK: 1 times
  @TerriCook: 1 times
  @meedee64: 1 times
schazd mentions:
  @hellohealth: 1 times
olmmark mentions:
  @missjennyjenny: 1 times
  @blizzzz: 1 times
ritawiebner mentions:
  @picseshu: 1 times
  @Wiebner: 1 times
  @bethcardwell: 1 times
  @justdalisa: 1 times
  @danesanders: 1 times
jay_pe mentions:
  @DRTL: 1 times
  @deaconjohn1987: 1 times
  @redinbleustate: 1 times
  @IanKelly: 1 times
  @EndTheSlaughter: 1 times
  @WRTL: 1 times
  @numerodos: 1 times
  @onlineforlife: 1 times
thinkaboutart mentions:
  @BrandonJD: 1 times
  @christinemv: 1 times
karo_ mentions:
  @mondayoficial: 1 times
musicbliss mentions:
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @boysforpele32: 1 times
  @saralynnmusic: 1 times
  @ogreenthumb: 1 times
spinchange mentions:
  @AKGovSarahPalin: 1 times
chefmaxient mentions:
  @SimplyDecadent: 1 times
  @MyCaribbeanFood: 1 times
  @chefgui: 1 times
  @ChefMark: 1 times
  @BridgetCooKs: 1 times
  @HollyHadsell: 1 times
  @ChefJay: 1 times
nlinsider mentions:
  @prprints: 1 times
bridget_cooks mentions:
  @FunkySteph: 1 times
  @BridgetCooks: 2 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
khaimtran mentions:
  @hugcat: 1 times
  @MissChanel931: 1 times
  @thestuffguy: 1 times
  @Melissa808: 1 times
  @jentigley: 1 times
  @NBTiggs: 1 times
  @khaimtran: 1 times
  @dkmashino: 1 times
  @thedailydish: 1 times
turquoisefish mentions:
  @howardcohen: 1 times
tomllewis mentions:
  @JustPlainBill: 1 times
  @jenafern: 1 times
  @kurtluidhardt: 1 times
  @DorianDavis: 1 times
  @DaveinFla: 1 times
  @cutebeatle: 1 times
  @AmyStark: 1 times
  @Roseblue: 1 times
  @FijiLomalagi: 1 times
  @parentsrule: 1 times
wildjunket mentions:
  @WildJunket: 1 times
alanajoey mentions:
  @teripayne: 1 times
  @EP4sanity: 1 times
  @RonBme: 1 times
  @LilSoCalGal: 1 times
  @alanajoey: 1 times
  @bearfanron: 1 times
  @mkellner: 1 times
rastudio mentions:
  @katarnett: 1 times
  @concept9: 1 times
  @alyssaschroeder: 1 times
  @kvbijou: 1 times
  @lulugirl1230: 1 times
justplainpaul mentions:
  @toekneebee: 1 times
chicajones mentions:
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @caferozella: 1 times
  @NBA: 1 times
  @Adriennevh: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @MissBeckala: 1 times
  @Jokantaro: 1 times
  @blueholly: 1 times
  @Jokantaro@scubadivergirls: 1 times
  @WTFOSO: 1 times
nicoleraestudio mentions:
  @dalissa: 1 times
  @julieunplugged: 1 times
twilly1 mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
lbcislander mentions:
  @Carus925: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @navymig: 1 times
purichristos mentions:
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
mezmereyezz8 mentions:
  @kaiLoDelf: 2 times
  @cindielu: 1 times
  @apdagr8: 1 times
  @Chaistastic: 1 times
  @HellzYea: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @PrimaiBlog126: 1 times
  @AirunPoon: 1 times
  @Mezmereyezz8: 1 times
davidspruell mentions:
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @KiaMorganSmith: 1 times
  @RReedPC: 1 times
  @MajicMindy: 1 times
  @Bncngoffthwlls: 1 times
  @Buchautor: 1 times
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @VerveCards: 1 times
yourtherapist mentions:
  @PNWRealEstate: 1 times
damienrobinson mentions:
  @natedmo: 1 times
tweet_homes mentions:
  @michelleflores: 2 times
  @bradhanks: 1 times
  @RealtyMan: 1 times
  @rewebcoach: 1 times
  @NRVLiving: 1 times
  @sambasel: 1 times
  @mylender: 1 times
  @reaffinity: 1 times
  @Ribeezi: 1 times
scorpusmaximus mentions:
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
memorytorch mentions:
  @Truckdrivernews: 1 times
  @longhawl: 1 times
  @Kls2nd: 1 times
  @lesthieme: 1 times
  @MemoryTorch: 1 times
  @LoneStarTrailer: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @lovinglogistics: 1 times
  @Logisticsexpert: 1 times
cam4jariaskins mentions:
  @jessicaspeegle: 1 times
  @almcaffrey: 1 times
  @andymahbubani: 1 times
  @kaslo25: 1 times
  @KforTheRant: 1 times
  @brandonmikael: 1 times
  @jariaskins: 1 times
  @UofOklahoma: 1 times
mrscayo mentions:
  @ButtercupD: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @LurryWayne: 1 times
  @Theserashow: 1 times
  @Mrscayo: 1 times
theservantmedia mentions:
  @SundayTalkShow: 1 times
drts3biznet mentions:
  @TNbase: 1 times
macmark mentions:
  @TriniGirlBlue: 1 times
ficticia mentions:
  @alejx: 1 times
  @michellhdz: 1 times
  @KaRo: 1 times
papachote mentions:
  @drzu: 1 times
  @mj16: 1 times
  @izqrdo: 1 times
  @luchmfel: 1 times
  @prismadigital: 1 times
  @charlesgustav: 1 times
  @mizsprieta: 1 times
  @RandDuren: 1 times
  @Boriken: 1 times
  @twlighterpr: 1 times
  @esmandau: 1 times
infamouszlegend mentions:
  @JunieB28: 1 times
  @hieuster: 1 times
  @natriarocks: 1 times
  @2am: 1 times
  @shaniaisha: 1 times
  @KevJumba: 1 times
kymmylink mentions:
  @TracyBrinkmann: 1 times
  @KymmyLink: 1 times
  @siouxsie80: 1 times
  @golfnovels: 1 times
  @KristinaCrowley: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @DarrenSproat: 1 times
  @AffirmationSpot: 1 times
akgirlnextdoor mentions:
  @geoffreygordon: 1 times
  @TeddyShabba: 1 times
  @NipaShah: 1 times
  @AKGirlNextDoor: 1 times
  @hypnophil: 1 times
  @cheth: 1 times
  @KikiValdes: 1 times
  @BrianArmsey: 1 times
kismetj mentions:
  @jennmich97: 1 times
  @BkBap: 1 times
  @KismetJ: 1 times
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @wackyjacky85: 1 times
  @MzTaurusB: 1 times
  @LilBobbyD: 1 times
  @BigEm: 1 times
mojoatelier mentions:
  @cressycat: 1 times
  @purrmonster: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @bizwhig: 1 times
  @PaganPussyCat: 1 times
  @portlandfashion: 1 times
  @JimboHolmes: 1 times
  @panamajack54: 1 times
mentormadness mentions:
  @jnxyz: 1 times
  @shanetechteach: 1 times
  @mobbsey: 1 times
  @LindaPilko: 1 times
  @MrsBanjer: 1 times
  @barbtong: 1 times
  @kmacc1: 1 times
circle2wellness mentions:
  @SupercutsAustin: 1 times
  @Twittinator: 1 times
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @Circle2Wellness: 1 times
fatturtleherbs mentions:
  @TanDaoKungFu: 1 times
  @AsanteAcademy: 1 times
  @ZakAcupuncture: 1 times
  @MedicineChinese: 1 times
  @Daoian: 1 times
  @Fatturtleherbs: 1 times
tgworldnews mentions:
  @DukeStJournal: 1 times
  @transgender: 1 times
  @VulvaLoveLovely: 1 times
  @natasharamsey: 1 times
whit3boy mentions:
  @KStackz: 1 times
  @TheRealDRiVaH: 1 times
  @TheRealSkyzoo: 1 times
  @thislala: 1 times
  @TinaBmarie: 1 times
  @Upscenesean: 1 times
  @VIVALASUESUE: 1 times
  @Wale: 1 times
  @waynecmcdonald: 1 times
  @whit3boy: 1 times
salleegal mentions:
  @dmf7: 1 times
  @chrisfontes: 1 times
  @santi: 1 times
  @ciatiach: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @BlackInformant: 1 times
  @GantsehMegillah: 1 times
  @LisaToddSutton: 1 times
xmiyix mentions:
  @officialcharice: 1 times
  @EuniceHalili: 1 times
  @happyfeet01: 1 times
  @joycedecena: 1 times
  @Bea0414: 1 times
  @Jeenchee: 1 times
  @elrem27: 1 times
cassius_designs mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @muralmaker1: 1 times
  @CassiusDesigns: 1 times
  @SanDiegoFriend: 1 times
  @sexypast: 1 times
streko mentions:
  @streko: 2 times
  @knowem: 1 times
  @itcn: 1 times
tjsitback mentions:
  @Ade1965: 1 times
dukenetworks mentions:
  @EXALTms: 1 times
  @motorz: 1 times
  @dukenetworks: 1 times
traciecieara mentions:
  @therockstar76: 1 times
  @AmaLama: 1 times
  @TracieCieara: 1 times
  @DkSknPosterGirl: 1 times
  @BabyGirlSoMajor: 1 times
sallygolf mentions:
  @MicheleBachmann: 1 times
pinkrosec mentions:
  @robsessiondotca: 1 times
  @PinkRoseC: 1 times
  @joebendesigns: 1 times
gravyfloid mentions:
  @Laurensintents: 1 times
  @jaecka: 1 times
  @pam3525: 1 times
  @anomalei: 1 times
  @ACDawson: 1 times
  @allisonwundrlnd: 1 times
  @WTFJAY: 1 times
  @katrinakrull: 1 times
shedd_aquarium mentions:
  @missalyssxs: 1 times
twincident mentions:
  @ChefTony: 1 times
racevine mentions:
  @anotorias: 1 times
  @twiike: 1 times
  @HellaSound: 1 times
  @racevine: 1 times
herheartsmiles mentions:
  @TheLooksForLess: 1 times
  @latinaprpro: 1 times
  @4evaurgurl: 1 times
  @StylishLiving: 1 times
  @Tiaraisawonder: 1 times
  @DezignersDen: 1 times
  @padmamedia: 1 times
  @MadisonJean: 1 times
daryl_hill mentions:
  @@kelliwirth: 1 times
  @meetyole: 1 times
  @perfectenignma: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @olinaqian: 1 times
  @walthill: 1 times
  @majastevanovich: 1 times
  @easternvoice: 1 times
pamh53 mentions:
  @gbstrickland: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @PamH53@KenaRoth@virtualjean: 1 times
joeyguerra mentions:
  @kbranch: 1 times
  @mgosselin7: 1 times
  @americanhistori: 1 times
  @funkycoldmedina: 1 times
  @thedougals: 1 times
  @phillacoaster: 1 times
  @astacide: 1 times
  @takeorey: 1 times
  @iamjelly: 1 times
  @fave: 1 times
abduzeedo mentions:
  @frontendconf: 1 times
  @wufoo: 1 times
  @ashenden: 1 times
  @andrewmaier: 1 times
  @necker47: 1 times
  @colorburned: 1 times
  @abduzeedo: 1 times
  @chriscoyier: 1 times
cory_a mentions:
  @franksylar: 1 times
  @androidtomato: 1 times
  @cinebo: 1 times
danapixie mentions:
  @RichMess: 1 times
  @gaalinda: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @ShannVanderLeek: 1 times
  @OrganicGuru: 1 times
  @benekcj: 1 times
joelosborne mentions:
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @superaffil: 1 times
  @MikePaetzold: 1 times
  @EarlNetwal: 1 times
  @bmcellhiney: 1 times
  @askarnett: 1 times
  @LotCon: 1 times
  @AffiliateBus: 1 times
  @learningaffil: 1 times
  @Champigny: 1 times
garlin mentions:
  @jonathanlawson: 1 times
  @reclaimthemedia: 1 times
janismiller mentions:
  @DINA: 1 times
ed_palacios mentions:
  @kcl2: 1 times
  @Pentenscribes: 1 times
  @saltandchocolat: 1 times
  @natashasuter: 2 times
  @Kibler: 1 times
  @tinag: 1 times
  @SammiO: 1 times
ajmccleary mentions:
  @InOtherWords: 1 times
  @AJMcCleary: 1 times
beadalicious mentions:
  @PInkFest: 1 times
  @spiritjump: 1 times
  @hatsandhugs: 1 times
  @MrGuilt: 1 times
  @sendmorecops: 1 times
  @lea2hvn: 1 times
drkathleenyoung mentions:
  @HealingIsYours: 1 times
  @XtyMiller: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @DrKathleenYoung: 1 times
joaguimar mentions:
  @Ficticia: 1 times
  @joaguimar: 1 times
msmith109 mentions:
  @lnwillis9210: 1 times
mrrodd mentions:
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
  @mystiquetur: 1 times
evshear mentions:
  @brenz88: 1 times
  @orlandosports: 1 times
  @NBATurks: 1 times
  @zacharyelliott: 1 times
  @lunasea2: 1 times
  @KevinALim: 1 times
  @asdavis: 1 times
  @chipmunk923: 1 times
  @steensays: 1 times
  @ahmedkayad: 1 times
hollywoodninja mentions:
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @lilmissdainy: 1 times
  @hollywoodn: 1 times
sdweathers mentions:
  @EricaNurney: 1 times
  @orangearrows: 1 times
  @gellyfish: 1 times
rogues_gallery mentions:
  @wheredidjengo: 1 times
  @xCarCrashHearts: 1 times
  @roguesgallery: 1 times
splashvafashnwk mentions:
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @flynavy: 1 times
  @spencerabbot: 1 times
  @neplex: 1 times
  @NavyAngel: 1 times
  @exNavyPilot: 1 times
  @steeljawscribe: 1 times
  @AV8USMC: 1 times
unstrung mentions:
  @genejm29: 1 times
seattleworks mentions:
  @seattlesketcher: 1 times
  @SeattleSouthSid: 1 times
  @SPJWash: 1 times
  @SeattleWorks: 1 times
  @Seattleglobe: 1 times
  @BellevueNews: 1 times
  @ECOCONSUMER: 1 times
susannebarrett mentions:
  @nicoleraestudio: 1 times
  @dalissa: 1 times
  @julieunplugged: 1 times
honey3223 mentions:
  @buddearborn: 1 times
  @AndyBellefleur: 1 times
  @KenyaBTPD: 1 times
  @KevinBTPD: 1 times
bearrape mentions:
  @streko: 2 times
  @knowem: 1 times
  @itcn: 1 times
augiedb mentions:
  @ihnatko: 1 times
  @skottieyoung: 1 times
  @CBCebulski: 1 times
  @ronxo: 1 times
  @tomkaters: 1 times
pdxloan mentions:
speakingmanners mentions:
  @pagecrusher: 1 times
bureau149 mentions:
  @tlamouline: 1 times
  @smub: 1 times
  @hotweir: 1 times
  @theexpert: 1 times
  @thegoodmixer: 1 times
  @davidtwee: 1 times
mizellw mentions:
  @wildbluebug: 1 times
  @rachehr: 1 times
  @batsabode: 1 times
  @sean808080: 1 times
damariscampos mentions:
  @twentyfour64: 1 times
jakefrankie mentions:
  @kattpackallday: 1 times
  @jakefrankie: 1 times
nancyproctor mentions:
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
  @dklevan: 1 times
  @amelialikespie: 1 times
kellbell68 mentions:
  @rocketman528: 2 times
  @kellbell68: 1 times
  @mckinnissb7404: 1 times
usarchos mentions:
  @JavoEdge: 1 times
charityideas mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
erikcecil mentions:
  @JJNextGenTV: 1 times
  @kendallthiessen: 1 times
  @erikcecil: 1 times
  @thomasfrey: 1 times
  @cmchadwick: 1 times
  @mbernier: 1 times
  @tonyfelice: 1 times
teebalicious mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
govwiki mentions:
  @digitalsista: 1 times
  @kegill: 1 times
  @JeanneMarshall: 1 times
  @sa: 1 times
zedomaxbiz mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @scodal: 1 times
  @soozemw: 1 times
  @tluckow: 1 times
  @creativetears: 1 times
  @ihaps: 1 times
  @splashman: 1 times
  @zedomaxbiz: 1 times
  @shadysmurf: 1 times
grownfolksmusic mentions:
  @seedoflife: 1 times
  @posdirect: 1 times
  @brandyejones: 1 times
  @GrownFolksMusic: 1 times
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
emusicmotion mentions:
  @labelladiva: 2 times
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @davelawrence: 1 times
  @emusicmotion: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @sc430girl: 1 times
  @JYOOP: 1 times
aliving mentions:
  @JoeWhitchurch: 1 times
  @TravelingDad: 1 times
  @heyjude408: 1 times
  @markivey: 1 times
  @LoriOnTwittter: 1 times
  @jeffmello: 1 times
  @TheRealPRMan: 1 times
  @jonjlatzer: 1 times
  @abfo: 1 times
  @morriswm: 1 times
hansking mentions:
  @gsocialmedia: 1 times
thetelevixen mentions:
  @HiDarby: 1 times
  @LillyKat: 1 times
  @TVNewsandNotes: 1 times
  @ShortNSweetShow: 1 times
moephilly mentions:
  @kbcitysoul: 1 times
  @TarraMays: 1 times
  @RadioUnique: 1 times
  @JayElectronica: 1 times
  @RonONealDC: 1 times
  @MrMarcusX: 1 times
  @DJAlizay: 1 times
  @wyclef: 1 times
holdn2aces mentions:
  @caliguy: 1 times
tadahmom mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
rachelmestre mentions:
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @terrymyers: 1 times
  @dcraig568: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @LRockwellatty: 1 times
smartinvesting mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
  @smartinvesting: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
  @ElViejon: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
adrianbita mentions:
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
out4equality mentions:
  @GayMarriage: 1 times
  @freedomtomarry: 1 times
  @dayofsilence: 1 times
  @TheTaskForce: 1 times
michelletrent mentions:
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
  @ChefJay: 1 times
  @JPmicek: 1 times
  @PhillMason: 1 times
  @rosyblue: 1 times
  @frankdobner: 1 times
  @iBlog126: 1 times
  @BriBri2007: 1 times
  @shellykramer: 1 times
  @KimModel: 1 times
victoriabunch mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
gottickets mentions:
  @jpisanchik@EdPalacios: 1 times
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @RonSupportsYou: 1 times
  @WatariGoro: 1 times
  @StephenGonzalez: 1 times
  @BrazenLass: 1 times
  @jpisanchik: 1 times
  @lhcnatalie: 1 times
missbrklynborn mentions:
  @Imyourdj: 2 times
  @@Buzzchow: 1 times
  @MissBrklynBorn: 1 times
  @FOOLYWANG: 1 times
  @rijali: 1 times
  @DocLG: 1 times
  @theklassikz: 1 times
bridgeout mentions:
  @CJHatter: 1 times
  @bridgeout: 1 times
  @GADataGuy: 1 times
  @rjw8888: 1 times
  @aravain: 1 times
  @urbanbohemian: 1 times
  @wheeldog: 1 times
  @sybastien: 1 times
  @BILLinBCN: 1 times
  @BlairKimball: 1 times
  @ArnieLewis: 1 times
lisatoddsutton mentions:
  @MzLaffy: 1 times
bgfcentral mentions:
  @michaelbay: 2 times
michaeldarwin mentions:
  @SandiDarwin: 1 times
  @RichBassett: 1 times
ragebotsdigg mentions:
  @Jenocide312: 1 times
bellagirl1 mentions:
  @kathykeefe: 2 times
  @: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @ZenShadow: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @breathei: 1 times
danielday mentions:
  @NuschlersNews: 1 times
  @SFNando: 1 times
  @IndiansInsider: 1 times
l0renelaine mentions:
  @brookhaven: 1 times
  @telelearning: 1 times
  @xriva: 1 times
  @scarlethill: 1 times
  @dcccd: 1 times
  @telecollege: 1 times
  @richlandcollege: 1 times
  @kidsdesk: 1 times
  @l0renelaine: 1 times
julieand mentions:
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
chrisrobson mentions:
  @markolivas: 1 times
  @Notrox: 1 times
  @drinkmoxie: 1 times
  @riotsqurrl: 1 times
  @ChrisRobson: 1 times
ufo_guy mentions:
feliciaburns mentions:
  @KooDooZ: 1 times
  @DanielleHerb: 1 times
  @FeliciaBurns: 1 times
  @sloane: 1 times
  @OKL: 1 times
  @jleslie: 1 times
  @joewaters: 1 times
rockclimbingmx mentions:
  @Macushi: 1 times
  @visualero: 1 times
  @vjMenigma: 1 times
  @visualma: 1 times
jerbuen mentions:
  @ldbaldwin: 1 times
  @jerbuen: 1 times
  @MsKrista: 1 times
  @mrender: 1 times
  @damondnollan: 1 times
  @MissBeckala: 1 times
  @HeatherO: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
dannylyoungers mentions:
  @ReneeTanguay: 1 times
sfstorylady mentions:
  @Arhum: 1 times
lanivoivod mentions:
  @paulletourneau: 1 times
  @Lisagarciaruiz: 1 times
  @brandseo: 1 times
  @Debbie: 1 times
  @KirstenRoehrich: 1 times
  @Coachlaura: 1 times
  @Oneicity: 1 times
lliu mentions:
joynoble mentions:
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
moneram mentions:
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @MedC2: 1 times
  @meteorit: 1 times
  @Milani: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @cbyington: 1 times
  @neoblog: 1 times
  @MustLoveWine: 1 times
  @OsnatBresler: 1 times
  @Palinspired: 1 times
  @Pal2Pal: 1 times
vickierussell mentions:
  @eaglesflite: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
jackiecourteau mentions:
  @stwood1953: 1 times
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
allaboutsher mentions:
  @hipEchik: 1 times
  @upinthehills: 1 times
wildboutbirds mentions:
  @Wildboutbirds: 1 times
  @Hunkerbell: 1 times
garrymullen mentions:
  @fitness702: 1 times
suzannereed mentions:
  @salleegal: 1 times
  @amazingdrx: 1 times
jrstratford mentions:
  @MattLaClear: 1 times
  @JuanLulli: 1 times
  @jasonmofatt: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @OwenGreaves: 1 times
  @Krisler: 1 times
  @DonCrowther: 1 times
  @MrKen777: 1 times
darkdoor mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
poohsuke mentions:
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @amronsomar: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @AllianceREGroup: 1 times
  @gparcels: 1 times
  @poohsuke: 1 times
ziocker mentions:
  @karyva: 1 times
blaqsheepceo mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
wendytx mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @tmoneyholder: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @copydeskcat: 1 times
  @DeaElmi: 1 times
  @KathrynJo: 1 times
emily_stone mentions:
  @KevinLoker: 1 times
  @RealWorldDCNEWZ: 1 times
  @roverradar: 1 times
  @Fingertipnews: 1 times
  @bambeco: 1 times
  @RES911CUE: 1 times
  @rocklandusa: 1 times
kat2222 mentions:
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
comixology mentions:
  @Tyrese4Real: 1 times
lazygenius mentions:
  @BodyguardBeats: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @theworldfamous: 1 times
  @mrsolowkey: 1 times
  @actingblack: 1 times
  @pipper12: 1 times
  @ninamorena: 2 times
  @LazyGenius: 1 times
mimibadass mentions:
  @ZEeMACkk: 1 times
  @NikkiB702: 1 times
  @yungPIDG: 1 times
  @sadeesb: 1 times
  @aceythekidd: 1 times
  @coyad: 1 times
  @itsNishaa: 1 times
  @jjlong: 1 times
  @bakaBOOP: 1 times
  @imstillxPOPular: 1 times
  @xoxbellavera: 1 times
  @m: 1 times
alonis mentions:
  @bicoastalite: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
ymerej mentions:
  @mmalkoff: 1 times
  @GogoInflight: 1 times
tono_arista mentions:
karibaskets mentions:
  @StephenGonzalez: 1 times
  @Getconfident: 2 times
  @MBHolistic: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
writerschatroom mentions:
  @weirdralph: 1 times
ixmb mentions:
  @CrisVida: 1 times
bethfrysztak mentions:
  @peterstone40: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @HempNews: 1 times
  @Writer993: 1 times
  @BethFrysztak: 1 times
  @nostate: 1 times
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
vegasmusic mentions:
  @KarinaFansite: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @1beachsax11: 1 times
  @WilliePA: 1 times
  @VegasMusic: 1 times
  @Aaliyon: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
classicaliberal mentions:
  @Violetlilly: 1 times
masquedbunny mentions:
  @TheJokerBlogs: 1 times
eucom_qol mentions:
  @jeffrobinson: 1 times
moderncowboy mentions:
  @carlosmencia@catstide@cherrichiodo@ealvnv@HotCelica@javatyger@jblackfish@JoshSeawell@JustPeg@kandib13@kissmekates: 1 times
smalltalkwitht mentions:
  @thebcast: 1 times
sitkacreations mentions:
  @KatamaGeneral: 1 times
  @nisafit: 1 times
  @KerryQP: 1 times
  @mvmassage: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
  @MVineyarder: 1 times
  @blueswear: 1 times
  @joannesardini: 1 times
wildtexas mentions:
  @ARStateParks: 1 times
  @ORStateParks: 1 times
  @UtahStateParks: 1 times
  @NEGamesandParks: 1 times
  @MontanaFWP: 1 times
  @NatlParkService: 1 times
soarhigh7 mentions:
  @1Cor1613: 1 times
  @MsLoriJones: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @CatchOurDream: 1 times
pupsinmelb mentions:
  @Puppetguy: 1 times
aflow mentions:
  @dakini3: 1 times
  @awaken2life: 1 times
  @MonkMojo: 1 times
  @nonduality: 1 times
  @lux1008: 1 times
  @qjohn: 1 times
chrisagriffin mentions:
  @NessaBanks: 2 times
  @CharlotteMarie: 1 times
tbbs mentions:
silvafeed mentions:
  @name: 1 times
angenettewfrv mentions:
  @rosslarocco: 1 times
kontinent mentions:
  @scottcullen: 1 times
  @Larryferlazzo: 1 times
persiarose mentions:
  @heroeswench: 1 times
  @NomentionofKev: 1 times
  @PersiaRose: 1 times
  @aelysian: 1 times
  @astropix: 1 times
  @cinebo: 1 times
misterperturbed mentions:
  @Bryteyes: 1 times
  @stevegarfield: 1 times
  @tuliomartinez: 1 times
  @hobronto: 1 times
  @Jugbo: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @markdavidson: 1 times
  @Karoli: 1 times
  @bsweichsel: 1 times
  @markstrange: 1 times
limescribe mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
terimorris mentions:
passionparent mentions:
  @suziecheel: 2 times
  @annettepedersen: 1 times
  @PassionParent: 1 times
  @rebeccamarina: 1 times
  @bridgetteb: 1 times
loveandbooze mentions:
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @loveandbooze: 1 times
interviewcoach mentions:
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @jeannequereau: 1 times
  @TeeTwitty: 1 times
  @dralaterdzo: 1 times
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
iians mentions:
  @scoobasteve2343: 1 times
  @rjramos: 1 times
  @Weezul: 1 times
  @ClaystationX: 1 times
  @ims: 1 times
  @thatchman1: 1 times
  @RabbiShaiSpecht: 1 times
  @Reighvin: 1 times
rollinswallace mentions:
  @Kohmahts: 1 times
  @atlasshrugs: 1 times
  @christinajade: 1 times
  @pinkginghamom: 1 times
  @DsnGnJ: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 1 times
  @radiojen: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
s_h_ mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
granny_d mentions:
  @hotstuffjohn: 1 times
  @terri5me2000: 1 times
  @EzyBlogger: 1 times
  @chinohillstg: 1 times
  @teatime: 1 times
  @GrannyD: 1 times
etsytoday mentions:
  @BellaDaze: 1 times
shellykfleming mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @LeonardoZ: 1 times
  @shellykfleming: 1 times
  @MktgWiz: 1 times
  @spiritbiz: 1 times
mysticranger mentions:
  @TweetThisCruise: 1 times
transniper mentions:
  @funkyblueame: 1 times
tessag mentions:
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @jonbergan: 1 times
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @TessaG: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
steveshamy mentions:
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @TCTaxTeaParty: 1 times
  @notoamnesty: 1 times
  @Jenfidel: 1 times
  @BrianINC: 1 times
  @ShirleeManahan: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @Tonyajc: 1 times
  @mkellner: 1 times
woofette30 mentions:
  @TeddySalad: 2 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @tinatessina: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
ilovefreethings mentions:
  @schnoll007: 1 times
  @ILoveFreeThings: 1 times
  @MomTV: 1 times
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @Lisa4Christ: 1 times
  @Freebies4Mom: 1 times
  @heyitsfree: 1 times
hyermish mentions:
  @hyermish: 1 times
jeffabel mentions:
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @shalomcharlie: 1 times
  @CherylSmith999: 1 times
  @SwitchingGranny: 1 times
missmarciablack mentions:
  @karenkougar@stunningsummer@totallytabitha@missmarciablack@DeliciousDiva89@badassplatinum@SHANIEBAYBEE: 1 times
gus_diaz mentions:
  @doritosr: 1 times
  @jorgeavilam: 1 times
northirid mentions:
  @burks: 1 times
  @DovelishKay: 1 times
  @regravity: 1 times
  @cameronstewart: 1 times
  @ranglin: 1 times
  @jakkaj: 1 times
  @rosscify: 1 times
  @silverzine: 1 times
  @agkdesign: 1 times
  @dtechh: 1 times
  @NewSprout: 1 times
taylormgombos mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @NicoleVSanchez: 1 times
  @KraziKrone: 1 times
  @CaTaxRevolt: 1 times
  @DrSG: 1 times
  @DawnBonner: 1 times
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
pleinelune mentions:
chrisonair mentions:
  @KevinJackson: 1 times
  @JohnCorey: 1 times
  @dlcox1958: 1 times
  @krob: 1 times
  @TonyOckleshaw: 1 times
  @texaseducation: 1 times
  @infinitegal: 1 times
  @seanjoreilly: 1 times
  @booksbelow: 1 times
mohawk_paul mentions:
pcathletics mentions:
  @coachtimarmy: 1 times
  @coachkenodavis: 1 times
  @bryantsid: 1 times
  @stoolpresidente: 1 times
  @PCAthletics: 1 times
  @TheRoundtable: 1 times
burgessct mentions:
  @amadril: 1 times
  @vigilo: 1 times
  @NYUProf: 1 times
mossyy mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
harleyfatboy88b mentions:
  @TheTLady: 1 times
  @HerNashville: 1 times
  @RotoworldFB: 1 times
  @LoopNashville: 1 times
  @TitansMCM: 1 times
  @sdtips: 1 times
  @twochix1: 1 times
  @Girlfriendology: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
lisadholmes mentions:
  @aigaportland: 1 times
  @EmbarkCreative: 1 times
  @caitlinweber: 1 times
  @LisaDHolmes: 1 times
  @tamaraht: 1 times
  @MarthaKoenig: 1 times
  @travisfulton: 1 times
  @allegrojane: 1 times
kountrintuitiv mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @justthierry: 2 times
  @kountrintuitiv: 1 times
  @rmindler: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
evomasexblog mentions:
  @otsk: 1 times
  @GreenMBA: 1 times
  @nonprofitorgs: 1 times
  @abundantwater: 1 times
markomanninen mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @EverywhereTrip: 1 times
  @TheRudeTypist: 1 times
  @TinaSparby: 1 times
  @Nuzzie: 1 times
  @MichaelMillman: 1 times
  @puhttptwitacgsr: 1 times
mommykins41 mentions:
  @jakemcclain: 1 times
lnwillis9210 mentions:
  @kayljay: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
drsigne mentions:
  @KellyThomas1: 1 times
reesekitty mentions:
  @twinkiepup: 1 times
leximo mentions:
  @HNatarajan: 1 times
  @Leximo: 1 times
  @Kirkflorida: 1 times
  @@starlingpoet: 1 times
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @wahujen: 1 times
  @ramonap: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @sorensson: 1 times
arttalk mentions:
  @SMSart: 1 times
  @ArtNews: 1 times
  @SianLindemann: 1 times
  @RobertGirandola: 1 times
  @jaimelyerly: 1 times
  @ArtTalk: 1 times
myinsanity mentions:
  @amndaj: 1 times
  @Jannabee: 1 times
  @pbandjcreations: 1 times
  @NTFFC: 1 times
  @Mom2TwoVikings: 1 times
  @tmww: 1 times
  @milliemux: 1 times
  @myinsanity: 1 times
  @cgudovic: 1 times
  @twincident: 1 times
haroldpdx mentions:
  @dana: 1 times
bunnyramey mentions:
  @MLukaczyn: 1 times
  @hashobama: 1 times
  @BunnyRamey: 1 times
sloppymilkshake mentions:
  @tizzle241: 1 times
jenjoyner mentions:
  @AmberStrocel: 1 times
dawnbonner mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @patrioticameric: 1 times
  @allapparel: 1 times
  @iannessling: 1 times
  @patriotfreedom: 1 times
little_edward mentions:
kdogg290 mentions:
  @SteveEffect: 1 times
  @AutomaticWoman: 1 times
  @SquareSpace: 1 times
paulmathers mentions:
  @lotusguide: 1 times
douglasi mentions:
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @FreeSampleLady: 1 times
  @netmogul: 1 times
  @douglasi: 1 times
  @twitterguide: 1 times
  @tomlopy: 1 times
  @RoyalReality: 1 times
  @Australianews: 1 times
cmaddict mentions:
  @gasema: 1 times
  @piano89: 1 times
  @aaaight: 1 times
smiling_heart mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
bregular mentions:
cassandrabatson mentions:
  @RobMcNealy: 1 times
andrewspong mentions:
  @SueTodd: 1 times
  @CiscoGIII: 1 times
  @doc2doc: 1 times
  @troublebrother: 1 times
petsittingbysas mentions:
  @dogvocate: 1 times
  @barrie: 1 times
nasa_appel mentions:
  @smithsonian: 1 times
  @NASAHSF: 1 times
suzanneshaffer mentions:
  @punkinmama: 1 times
uluaipouomalo mentions:
  @pane2: 1 times
  @Texmark: 1 times
  @sqa: 1 times
  @VikingIceQueen: 1 times
amandarecker mentions:
  @cptpoland: 1 times
  @biggaboss: 1 times
mkenzzi mentions:
  @LuckyLobosI: 1 times
  @mkenzzi: 1 times
salesmgmtwizard mentions:
  @Komverse: 1 times
charlesfmiller mentions:
  @dukeknerr: 1 times
gorges_you mentions:
  @Ecosaveology: 1 times
itsshashank mentions:
  @TalulahStarr: 1 times
  @Salixj: 1 times
  @suzyrice: 1 times
  @kimberville: 1 times
  @ShirleeManahan: 1 times
  @itsshashank: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
aprilbaker mentions:
  @WedwayRadio: 1 times
  @donaldduckdad: 1 times
islandchic mentions:
  @Monicks: 1 times
  @kaysha: 1 times
  @heuristicideas: 1 times
  @Lioneldp: 1 times
  @yaarik: 1 times
  @michaelmagical: 1 times
  @wizardfkap: 1 times
  @JayMurda: 1 times
  @ChristoMove: 1 times
cookieoreopie mentions:
  @IamButton: 1 times
  @cookieoreopie: 1 times
nikoscream mentions:
  @MTSUNews: 1 times
  @MassComm1: 1 times
  @MTSUSidelines: 1 times
  @Mediabistro: 1 times
  @whitehouse: 1 times
  @CBLDF: 1 times
ivettiso mentions:
  @desireekoh13: 1 times
devoted2hr mentions:
  @fsutoby: 1 times
  @brenz88: 1 times
  @clady1: 1 times
  @PUBLISIDE: 1 times
  @heykim: 1 times
  @ChrisinTampa: 1 times
  @brianjsmith: 1 times
  @TSRUCF: 1 times
  @UCFBiggie: 1 times
  @akosnitzky: 1 times
  @twstephens: 1 times
scottempringham mentions:
  @soxanddawgs: 1 times
  @MSGTina: 1 times
  @farfromfinished: 1 times
  @LoveSox15: 1 times
  @cmbnova: 1 times
  @SoxJetsFan: 1 times
  @wearetheredsox: 1 times
  @evilmaharaja: 1 times
  @AZLK: 1 times
djreyes mentions:
  @minabtweet: 1 times
  @bbuenviaje: 1 times
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
dreadfullfufu mentions:
  @DavidWLocke: 1 times
  @mckenziematt: 1 times
  @rcauvin: 1 times
  @StewartRogers: 1 times
  @jbrett: 1 times
  @adambullied: 1 times
  @DreadFullFuFu: 1 times
deselfleur mentions:
  @WorldCup2010: 1 times
  @dahara: 1 times
  @lilkatd: 1 times
  @absinthedisco: 1 times
  @deselfleur: 1 times
  @topspinrob: 1 times
  @frankbecker: 1 times
  @futbolmexico: 1 times
megasgreg mentions:
wrocknquidditch mentions:
  @SlashyHarry: 1 times
  @DracoTMalfoy: 1 times
surfnmusicexpo mentions:
  @MrTop8: 2 times
  @brenz88: 1 times
  @NEENZ: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @fyndhawaii: 1 times
  @surfnmusicexpo: 1 times
  @loribjork: 1 times
  @koae: 1 times
tanishalong mentions:
  @lauraspencerone: 1 times
shinoshis mentions:
  @cindyizjazzie: 2 times
  @swiftbeatsuk: 1 times
  @kidgenius: 1 times
  @shinoshis: 1 times
  @djkingflow: 1 times
  @bigdrewtv: 1 times
  @praverb: 1 times
dobieday mentions:
  @CathyJBrown: 1 times
gospeltoday mentions:
  @MargieThiel@FionaVA: 1 times
  @jinju0: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @dougjumper: 1 times
  @CO2HOG: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @abesbenedict: 1 times
  @304patriot: 1 times
gloxpolguard mentions:
  @juliasmola: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @TechBabe: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @noralmt: 1 times
poetesss mentions:
  @dylpickles: 1 times
  @SarahLabyrinth: 1 times
  @thegoblinking: 1 times
mistressmia mentions:
  @chantelleaustin: 1 times
  @TheBetterSexDoc: 1 times
  @AdrianaKraft: 1 times
  @Aprilblackbox: 1 times
  @JennyPurr: 1 times
  @seresvictoria: 1 times
chells mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
chantelleaustin mentions:
  @mistrissmia: 1 times
jamaipanese mentions:
  @animesnob: 1 times
  @JamaicanDawta: 1 times
  @jamaicapage: 1 times
  @ShopinJA: 1 times
  @Gordonswaby: 1 times
  @ruthibelle: 1 times
  @greatswifty: 1 times
  @Muzachan: 1 times
koae mentions:
  @MrTop8: 3 times
  @brenz88: 1 times
  @NEENZ: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @fyndhawaii: 1 times
  @surfnmusicexpo: 1 times
  @loribjork: 1 times
  @koae: 1 times
captnaffiliate mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @optinbuilder: 1 times
  @known: 1 times
  @tonyblakelive: 1 times
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @askarnett: 1 times
justa_girl mentions:
  @R3s3rvo1rD0g: 1 times
  @JustAGirl: 1 times
rulette mentions:
  @agirlcalledm: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @MarilynRes: 1 times
  @CampingGal: 1 times
  @mswecker: 1 times
  @rulette: 1 times
  @campingblogger: 1 times
lawyergina mentions:
  @ticketninjas: 1 times
slimdog mentions:
  @NatalieBrown: 1 times
  @TanaD242: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @moxbox: 1 times
  @thejdavid: 1 times
  @psalms30: 1 times
  @donhalejr: 1 times
  @TerryAllison: 1 times
  @DasBoogz: 1 times
theengineer2008 mentions:
  @TheEngineer2008: 1 times
  @EMFK: 1 times
rt mentions:
  @virginie: 1 times
vmctavish mentions:
  @jordanbehan: 1 times
  @alexleebehan: 1 times
  @MarniWedin: 1 times
bairdsaj mentions:
julesjujuchan mentions:
  @julesjujuchan@KathrinEbone: 1 times
alittlebeat mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
perfectpositive mentions:
  @sstacinator: 1 times
mediacollective mentions:
  @michelletrent: 1 times
  @Nancymk: 1 times
  @freebietrader: 1 times
  @EdDale: 1 times
  @30dcladiesusa: 1 times
  @mizzcindy: 1 times
  @roxanneravenel: 1 times
darrenhicks mentions:
  @kfgeorge: 1 times
  @silixell: 1 times
  @bobgarrett: 1 times
  @darrenhicks: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @Lynn0727: 1 times
  @doctf: 1 times
4u2wear2 mentions:
  @bleumoonsatticFollowFriday: 1 times
  @folkspod: 1 times
  @lpetrone1: 1 times
  @WhitlowVintage: 1 times
  @4u2wear2: 1 times
  @CleanerLife: 1 times
  @thefluffanutta: 1 times
  @GeeZees: 1 times
jennifernavarro mentions:
  @MarvinTowler: 1 times
concertreviewer mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
footnotemaven mentions:
  @GenerationMaps: 1 times
frugalretailing mentions:
  @easierjobhunt: 1 times
whatitladue mentions:
  @jinglethecat: 1 times
  @tylerladue: 1 times
  @mollyannah: 1 times
  @ikollin: 1 times
  @charlesbroccoli: 1 times
  @thatiphoneguy: 1 times
  @d: 1 times
ryanmgeeks mentions:
  @caitcaitylin: 1 times
  @computergeeks: 1 times
  @iphoneroundup: 1 times
  @tolecover: 1 times
tatyizquierdo mentions:
  @bigblackbastard: 1 times
  @DeBaschi: 1 times
  @leopollisson: 1 times
  @alekscosta: 1 times
  @carolcapuano: 1 times
  @VerinhaPoulain: 1 times
  @Danisun: 1 times
  @tatyizquierdo: 1 times
  @michelleneri: 1 times
lancejssc mentions:
  @TruSecure: 1 times
  @XSSExploits: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
xssexploits mentions:
  @TruSecure: 1 times
  @XSSExploits: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
gregray mentions:
  @molliekatie: 1 times
nancioradioshow mentions:
  @marry12: 1 times
  @Jahbria: 1 times
  @Talat804: 1 times
  @ATLBEATBATTLE: 1 times
  @luegar: 1 times
  @nancioradioshow: 1 times
  @MisterDaze: 1 times
  @CHICAGOrilla: 1 times
  @LizNewLifee: 1 times
rosacris mentions:
  @cucharitadepalo: 1 times
  @rosacris: 1 times
jjangsonya mentions:
shari58 mentions:
  @bkGirlFriday: 2 times
  @champuru: 1 times
  @shari58: 1 times
  @mamajen073: 1 times
  @jusmelisa: 1 times
cinnarose mentions:
  @mattymo: 1 times
theluckdoctor mentions:
  @upicks: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @smaknews: 1 times
  @0boy: 1 times
  @desigerdepot: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @michaelabehsera: 1 times
biojess mentions:
  @ch2cch3: 1 times
logicwolfe mentions:
  @laaurav: 1 times
kristieholiday mentions:
the_allans mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @JohnhampsonUK: 1 times
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @DanielBoix: 1 times
nilsribi mentions:
  @wrfm: 2 times
  @nilsribi: 1 times
  @svoutdoors: 1 times
  @visitsunvalley: 1 times
  @sunvalleyresort: 1 times
easyecotogo mentions:
tenaciousdae mentions:
  @fansoftwilight: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211m: 1 times
politicswatch mentions:
  @10thAmendment: 1 times
  @Ozarksky: 1 times
  @itsmanning: 1 times
  @MrOneliner: 1 times
  @theCLproject: 1 times
  @clobrien: 1 times
  @mallorca10: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
lid86 mentions:
  @hopelesscandy: 1 times
felloff mentions:
ehowexperts mentions:
michaeldinoff mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
skeeterhansen mentions:
  @alferretti: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
mariekccberry mentions:
  @ubringmejoi: 1 times
  @ShineLaw: 1 times
  @ChemicalBeatsNY: 1 times
  @Cynikal3000: 1 times
  @chilllzzz: 1 times
irpr20 mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @StatiK99: 1 times
  @judithbailey: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @GarinKilpatrick: 1 times
  @foootba: 1 times
chemicalbeatsny mentions:
  @MarieKccBerry: 1 times
  @ubringmejoi: 1 times
  @ShineLaw: 1 times
  @ChemicalBeatsNY: 1 times
  @Cynikal3000: 1 times
  @chilllzzz: 1 times
craigkeller mentions:
  @trefoil: 1 times
  @qn5: 1 times
  @tonedeff: 1 times
  @MrSOS: 1 times
  @kokayi: 1 times
  @substizzle: 1 times
  @SessioniZill: 1 times
  @chrisrhee: 1 times
  @craigkeller: 1 times
  @ChewFU: 1 times
  @shep: 1 times
sparkle_chi mentions:
  @Doublelattemama: 1 times
newyorka mentions:
  @J1S2004: 1 times
  @newyorka: 1 times
muchmorethanmom mentions:
  @womanlinks: 1 times
  @pinkpackrat: 1 times
  @holisticmamma: 1 times
  @BooksByTara: 1 times
  @GradSchoolMom: 1 times
  @NewAgeSelfHelp: 1 times
  @howardsends: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
beijingfairmont mentions:
  @Drtravelbest: 1 times
  @action4ifaw: 1 times
  @NikoRoberts: 1 times
  @EJMaranda: 1 times
  @MelGow: 1 times
  @Palinn: 1 times
  @ProjectGreenBag: 1 times
  @WhatAdsGurus: 1 times
  @Chinaficonado: 1 times
  @Twollow: 1 times
nana0507 mentions:
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @mommentator: 1 times
  @mrc817: 1 times
  @musicgirl87: 1 times
  @mychemicalmuse: 1 times
  @mzoffishal: 1 times
  @mzxcelr8: 1 times
  @nana0507: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
mzjoyful46 mentions:
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @sunshinediva: 1 times
  @druw: 1 times
  @ToddVaters@waynerenfrow: 1 times
  @brmbds@breatheagain@Christiegarcia: 1 times
  @Titus1nine: 1 times
entrepreneurhi mentions:
  @FindDealsFree: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @billionaire5: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @DVyo: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
daniellalicari mentions:
  @SabrinaFrenette: 1 times
gabybali mentions:
  @bartcatapult: 1 times
prosoul mentions:
  @LauraHarley@Toddicus@pedraum@devongundry: 1 times
jamik_hhp mentions:
  @robsessedtwerd: 1 times
shargrove mentions:
  @delwilliams: 1 times
cataxrevolt mentions:
  @TXAggie93: 1 times
  @jmp5329: 1 times
  @PoliticalJunkey: 1 times
  @StanChang: 1 times
  @NickDeStefano: 1 times
  @jimtreacher: 1 times
  @stwood1953: 1 times
  @PoliticsWatch: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @DallasJordan: 1 times
thedrich mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @jimcarper: 1 times
cooldred mentions:
  @lexmarie90: 1 times
  @LadyC0C0: 1 times
  @LexxDiamond228: 1 times
  @misschantel: 1 times
  @DesmondPro: 1 times
  @MsTeLaReNee: 1 times
  @NefTheDamaja: 1 times
  @AmorJones: 1 times
dirswasti mentions:
  @sethsimonds: 1 times
  @timecommander: 1 times
  @TracyOConnor: 1 times
  @marshallk: 1 times
  @davemorin: 1 times
annettefrey mentions:
  @Pawsville: 1 times
  @Socialbees: 1 times
aliceinnyc mentions:
lilitree mentions:
  @neotigress: 1 times
jessie_j mentions:
  @heatherlydee: 1 times
  @ashleelovelee: 1 times
  @jenny0125: 1 times
kolibrix mentions:
  @picusblog: 1 times
  @aphriza: 1 times
  @WBeditor: 1 times
  @birdchaser: 1 times
  @DaMotmot: 1 times
  @jeffgyr: 1 times
  @dendroica: 1 times
  @Kolibrix: 1 times
  @txkyle: 1 times
  @noflickster: 1 times
fairsnape mentions:
  @dojau: 1 times
  @Urbanverse: 1 times
theflyingpinto mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @fishndiver: 1 times
beadguy mentions:
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @fairyduststudio: 1 times
  @AWDawno: 1 times
stefanholmes mentions:
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @SocialGood: 1 times
  @Blippr: 1 times
  @Mashables: 1 times
astridmonique mentions:
  @TownHallSeattle: 1 times
chicprgal mentions:
  @5minutesformom: 1 times
  @chicBuds: 1 times
  @chicBlvd: 1 times
williamwaugh mentions:
  @1salestrainer: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @RichCurrie: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
  @ebenpagan: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
  @johnreese: 1 times
hellohealthy mentions:
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
  @BrightSorcerer: 1 times
  @thewebchild: 1 times
  @Ideedy: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @aslprosper: 1 times
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
modeling22thai mentions:
  @modeling22: 1 times
awaretalkradio mentions:
thaiproductions mentions:
  @modeling22: 1 times
boyorgirl mentions:
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @ElkeScheffler: 1 times
  @LaBelleCosmetic: 1 times
  @kairosZedtlitz: 1 times
  @BoyOrGirl: 1 times
  @SAINTEBEAUTE: 1 times
  @creativlive: 1 times
creativlive mentions:
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @ElkeScheffler: 1 times
  @LaBelleCosmetic: 1 times
  @kairosZedtlitz: 1 times
  @BoyOrGirl: 1 times
  @SAINTEBEAUTE: 1 times
  @creativlive: 1 times
kairos_zedtlitz mentions:
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @krausecreative: 1 times
  @judyvorfeld: 1 times
  @lepps: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @YODspica: 1 times
  @johnmjoyce: 1 times
  @LinkedInPhoenix: 1 times
  @elsbethoggert: 1 times
saintebeaute mentions:
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @ElkeScheffler: 1 times
  @LaBelleCosmetic: 1 times
  @kairosZedtlitz: 1 times
  @BoyOrGirl: 1 times
  @SAINTEBEAUTE: 1 times
  @creativlive: 1 times
shanedailey mentions:
  @jenimc: 3 times
  @mrvillhauer: 1 times
  @mindflame: 1 times
  @tobykane: 1 times
  @frozencanvas: 1 times
  @shanedailey: 1 times
iamdjstylez mentions:
  @UrbanRelations: 1 times
  @zonethatdude: 1 times
  @overgroundmusic: 1 times
  @illpoetic513: 1 times
  @CallMeRideOut: 1 times
  @fame826: 1 times
  @chasemanhattan: 1 times
  @T3sv: 1 times
  @IamDjSt: 1 times
lambsypie mentions:
  @stevehuff: 1 times
  @realphilhendrie: 2 times
liltanlines mentions:
  @modestofamous: 1 times
  @alyssapoppin: 1 times
  @liltanlines: 1 times
  @emdeezee: 1 times
  @crackbarbie: 1 times
  @dancerman13: 1 times
  @cnn: 1 times
lisababy182 mentions:
  @TwitMasterJay: 1 times
nowbie mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
putoelquelee mentions:
  @GrahamPost: 1 times
jeneanw mentions:
  @msjohnnie: 1 times
junojet mentions:
iamgrateful4 mentions:
  @mjdrumond: 1 times
  @iamgrateful4: 1 times
  @jasonmraz: 1 times
  @PriscillaWise: 1 times
  @Lecinqblog: 1 times
miklbarton mentions:
  @ChloeFlashDance: 1 times
  @michaelperry: 1 times
  @DavidSmith01: 1 times
  @sealabcore: 1 times
  @EricVictorino: 1 times
  @davbib: 1 times
  @liveforfame: 1 times
  @amotion: 1 times
  @erikurdiales: 1 times
  @samyapp: 1 times
highheelfiend mentions:
  @Rafeon: 2 times
  @highheelFIEND: 1 times
zyrafa mentions:
  @Reds72: 1 times
hanna_ang mentions:
  @drunkenmoments: 1 times
  @YungStreetz: 1 times
  @TheRobustoRoom: 1 times
  @CelebNewsWire: 1 times
  @freakycurves: 1 times
  @DIPTNYC: 1 times
  @mdotperiod: 1 times
  @MERKMAINE: 1 times
  @HANNAANG: 1 times
empresscortana mentions:
  @universesolved: 1 times
  @genejm29: 1 times
  @curliCAT: 1 times
  @BettinaTizzy: 1 times
  @kurtstarnes: 1 times
  @EmpressCortana: 1 times
  @Seahorsemystic: 1 times
nicxjustice mentions:
  @joblocom: 1 times
  @JasonReitman: 1 times
  @darrenbousman: 1 times
  @gregmottola: 1 times
  @JonFavreau: 1 times
  @ManMadeMoon: 1 times
  @davidwain: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
puregolfjourney mentions:
  @gotky: 1 times
morokea mentions:
  @nerdiestkids: 1 times
  @EPICponyz: 1 times
seaslug_of_doom mentions:
  @gypscol: 1 times
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @swoopsthebird: 1 times
lior_breadly mentions:
  @LetaRussell: 1 times
  @Royz: 1 times
burlesk mentions:
  @FestivalOfSins: 1 times
trackno14 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
ladyholdem mentions:
  @JSpikEThinG: 1 times
themetromom mentions:
  @jameswedmore: 1 times
  @LotusAmy: 1 times
scamp75 mentions:
  @manlysrepublic: 1 times
mypctechs mentions:
  @chucklehman: 1 times
  @gurupanguji: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @rockus: 1 times
aloft_incumbent mentions:
  @GreeGreece: 1 times
tiffonthego mentions:
  @ofmercy: 1 times
  @Flap: 1 times
  @ericamity: 1 times
  @pamcase: 1 times
  @kat24k: 1 times
  @mahaffy: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
  @PoetJanetDawson: 1 times
  @fisherdavid: 1 times
vikingicequeen mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @echick123: 1 times
jadeandcasey mentions:
huntervalmontpr mentions:
  @mrbobbyo: 2 times
  @DanalyDesign: 1 times
  @HunterValmontPR: 1 times
  @jacquerowland: 1 times
  @SEOWebDesign: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
dwitter_com mentions:
sqa mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @echick123: 1 times
gelaragnar mentions:
  @dwittercom: 1 times
michaeldcarney mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
liam_murray mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @echick123: 1 times
turnbacktogod mentions:
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @turnbacktogod: 1 times
  @marvymarv955: 1 times
  @reddywriting: 1 times
  @StephenPConroy: 1 times
riotmonster mentions:
  @redpepperofdoom: 1 times
dachocolatemami mentions:
  @S3cond2noneFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Skittleberry: 1 times
  @ryanleslie: 1 times
  @DaChocolateMami: 1 times
  @dallasthakid: 1 times
  @MBCblkHeart: 1 times
  @JULIEJULEZ1005: 1 times
minimum12 mentions:
  @dda: 1 times
  @chinewinelover: 1 times
thinkmaya mentions:
  @ShaunaCausey: 1 times
  @adnanmahmud: 1 times
  @trevorrotzien: 1 times
  @thinkmaya: 1 times
pane2 mentions:
  @krigeren: 1 times
  @echick123: 1 times
hj2 mentions:
  @lissarankin: 1 times
  @writingclasses: 1 times
seporter mentions:
  @jturner21: 1 times
becthomasphoto mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
  @dcychan: 1 times
  @xwidep: 1 times
  @BecThomasPhoto: 1 times
  @QueenPsycho: 1 times
black_keys mentions:
itzkeylovebaby mentions:
  @FizzoPoPuLaREnt: 1 times
  @BooGPopuLarEnt: 1 times
  @Popularhustlerz: 1 times
deeyouareoh mentions:
  @mslol4: 1 times
  @djjocmax: 1 times
  @SoulSistaNindy: 1 times
  @AlexisTai: 1 times
  @Kyracarr: 1 times
  @bsouthern: 1 times
leahchantelle mentions:
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @PaulHarriott: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
ashman01 mentions:
  @tankspot: 1 times
cinninsocal mentions:
  @Java4TwoRT@noe96743: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @vegtv: 1 times
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
  @CTRaider: 1 times
  @MarkVHansen: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
nickolaswriter mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @nickolaswriter: 1 times
  @bin2suga: 1 times
  @billrait: 1 times
  @NextWaveRay: 1 times
  @naturallycurly: 1 times
richstep51 mentions:
  @lisastarlynn: 1 times
  @RockingtheRobin: 1 times
dvinmsm mentions:
  @lorimoreno: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @lurquer: 1 times
ambienteer mentions:
  @Paperclippe: 1 times
  @Decimoo: 1 times
scrosnoe mentions:
  @FreedomFactory: 1 times
  @jgillmartin: 1 times
  @isabella49: 1 times
  @im2byteme: 1 times
  @apackof2: 1 times
  @stubbornfacts: 1 times
  @cyndezu: 1 times
  @Axxiom: 1 times
eddebu mentions:
  @bthv: 1 times
jessewatson1 mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
susieblackmon mentions:
  @EmilyMedvec: 1 times
3bubblesoff mentions:
  @aGirlNamedAmy: 1 times
  @3bubblesoff: 1 times
btrain06 mentions:
  @shoney81: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
ferarospizza mentions:
  @TrishHR: 1 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @ferarospizza: 1 times
  @smgharrison: 1 times
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
  @doubleupbooks: 1 times
cdelarge mentions:
  @tammiego: 1 times
  @ryanbarr: 1 times
candygirlcece mentions:
  @bitchyliek: 1 times
  @CRYSTALakaTWIN: 1 times
  @CandyGirlCeCe: 1 times
  @GiGiCapone: 1 times
  @Jo3fr3sh: 1 times
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @djsn1: 1 times
  @LusciousPimp: 1 times
indonesiatogo mentions:
  @DigitalAtlanta: 1 times
  @palinn: 1 times
  @NeilDuckett: 1 times
  @samanthagreen: 1 times
  @indonesiatogo: 1 times
  @JakartaToday: 1 times
  @thelastchinese: 1 times
krystinascott mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
lynnmaudlin mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
williekat mentions:
  @TinyPearlCat: 1 times
  @WillieKat: 1 times
  @stwood1953: 1 times
  @SassyKittyGrrr: 1 times
  @Carto: 1 times
  @OrangeGene: 1 times
jilevin mentions:
  @zdevans: 1 times
  @Audnumber: 1 times
  @brokdikdog: 1 times
  @vicissitudes2: 1 times
  @jenniferturner: 1 times
  @noveldevice: 1 times
  @scazon: 1 times
  @DovBear: 1 times
hfriday mentions:
  @liljuma: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
cigarplayer mentions:
  @waxgirl333: 1 times
  @cigarplayer: 1 times
davereardon mentions:
  @ReikoEoh: 1 times
shaniquajewelry mentions:
  @CleverStreak: 1 times
  @ShaniquaJewelry: 1 times
laffit mentions:
  @Primajonly: 1 times
  @karlihenriquez: 1 times
  @laffit: 1 times
  @fuego: 1 times
  @primajess: 1 times
  @jam26: 1 times
  @westsidegyrl: 1 times
newbenjamins mentions:
  @DezBlak: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @deZaired08: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @martymisner: 1 times
  @CoryFroomkin: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
  @TCSkinner: 1 times
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
tagdef mentions:
  @Mrcalzone: 1 times
breakpargolf mentions:
  @AlanLHammond: 1 times
  @breakpargolf: 1 times
  @andybrowngolf: 1 times
unfurgettables mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
bryanthomass mentions:
  @DarkPiano: 1 times
  @mattdantodd: 1 times
  @carrel: 1 times
  @PianoPlaying: 1 times
djschoone mentions:
  @animoto: 1 times
  @socialgood: 1 times
genevan mentions:
  @StephenAtHome: 1 times
  @KINGVERN: 1 times
  @Arcade140: 1 times
  @awonger: 1 times
  @MLive: 1 times
  @DicksWii: 1 times
  @trixie360: 1 times
  @DirtyDiva: 1 times
  @themidgeisback: 1 times
  @FredDouglassSon: 1 times
unmediated mentions:
  @June4th: 2 times
  @unmediated: 1 times
_scarletm mentions:
  @demonstoday: 1 times
  @VanessaVoorhees: 1 times
  @marymagdalan: 1 times
  @codsta: 1 times
  @maddielion: 1 times
  @mzmaggot: 1 times
  @DeadGirl666: 1 times
tomtveitan mentions:
  @jeremycowart: 1 times
  @elimcfadden: 1 times
  @christianrios: 1 times
  @joshcole: 1 times
  @cariephoto: 1 times
  @jorycordy: 1 times
  @kylebarnes: 1 times
  @benjaminh: 1 times
  @danbrouillette: 1 times
cazutt mentions:
  @jaimeygrant: 1 times
  @kgcummings: 1 times
  @DeeMarieSOA: 1 times
  @writer99: 1 times
  @ToddFonseca: 1 times
  @gcolliasuzuki: 1 times
  @cazutt: 1 times
  @JoyceDiPastena: 1 times
  @rachelrager: 1 times
charbrown mentions:
  @dawnkhogan: 1 times
rogeriofragoso mentions:
  @azevedoalves: 1 times
  @angeloferreira: 1 times
  @paulomsalvador: 1 times
  @joaovillalobos: 1 times
  @jezuss: 1 times
  @lilione: 1 times
  @undertheground: 1 times
  @henriqumonteiro: 1 times
  @csacarneiro: 1 times
makikigirl mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @fishndiver: 1 times
logicshoppe mentions:
  @MultiAxisMatt: 1 times
  @multiaxisgames: 1 times
  @owlranger: 1 times
  @EZOwens: 1 times
  @thelogicalwoman: 1 times
  @rannama2002: 1 times
  @pseudodreams: 1 times
  @AngelosLH: 1 times
  @TLGame: 1 times
happilyorganic mentions:
  @sam1450: 1 times
kama_ mentions:
garytcoles mentions:
  @danmillerbbnq: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @Twi: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
  @elizabethbifano: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @garytcoles: 1 times
san_antonio mentions:
  @scamp75: 1 times
  @smalltalkwitht: 1 times
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @meanolmeany: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @ManlysRepublic: 1 times
trishalyn mentions:
  @LindaSherman: 1 times
zurike mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @211me: 1 times
knowwhatnwhere mentions:
  @DennisLarkin: 1 times
kiwiwonder mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
marghutton mentions:
  @alfish: 1 times
hayleydodd mentions:
  @christianmlau: 1 times
gabelfisch mentions:
  @simplicious: 1 times
  @zydake: 1 times
  @photocase: 1 times
  @engadget: 1 times
axxiom mentions:
  @scrosnoe: 1 times
  @apackof2: 1 times
  @reland1: 1 times
  @jgillmartin: 1 times
  @tporg: 1 times
  @stubbornfacts: 1 times
  @cyndezu: 1 times
  @cynbrad: 1 times
  @bryanxt: 1 times
  @catoiv: 1 times
kopano mentions:
  @KingofBrooklyn: 1 times
morethanshoots mentions:
  @mbetty: 1 times
asulado mentions:
  @RogerioFragoso: 1 times
janji mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
teelajbrown mentions:
  @TheNerdyBird: 1 times
  @Comixace: 1 times
  @jenthefangirl: 1 times
  @loquaciousmuse: 1 times
  @jamesrocchi: 1 times
  @tezero: 1 times
  @bentoboxx: 1 times
chris6375 mentions:
  @ladyspeaker: 1 times
  @FreddyGipson: 1 times
  @robschendel: 1 times
  @hughdeburgh: 1 times
  @PatticakeGirl: 1 times
  @GarrettSmith: 1 times
  @CoryFroomkin: 1 times
  @TonyaTamura: 1 times
  @Energymom: 1 times
goddesssammy mentions:
  @smudge372: 1 times
  @jessandco: 2 times
  @dolidhMore: 1 times
  @Rammi: 1 times
  @GalleryVittoria: 1 times
  @ThirdSectorLab: 1 times
  @craftymaddie: 1 times
  @truebloodnet: 1 times
  @MunnyMan: 1 times
aral mentions:
  @matzie: 1 times
axounet mentions:
  @diskette: 1 times
rimonwinery mentions:
  @LetaRussell: 1 times
  @Royz: 1 times
harveykelly mentions:
  @ichcheezburger: 1 times
  @ihah: 1 times
  @RealBillBailey: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
need2liv mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
grabule mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @MLukaczyn: 1 times
  @KraziKrone: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @LittleLisa69: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @Chulii: 1 times
  @beb0s: 1 times
werberolli mentions:
  @realtimehotels: 1 times
foreveroneteam mentions:
  @ForeverOneTeam: 1 times
  @kennerleys: 1 times
  @fenshuj: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
velcroshoes mentions:
  @jaswindervirdee: 1 times
thebeadedlizard mentions:
  @EtsyToday@thebeadedlizard: 1 times
ukjeremyclarke mentions:
  @alantlwilson: 1 times
earthlifeinst mentions:
  @TheDivinePrince: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @astrogrrl: 1 times
  @ShadowFoxTarot: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
mishon8 mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @prancingleopard: 1 times
  @RandomReTweet: 1 times
  @nicoleharrison: 1 times
  @Mishon: 1 times
rawwell mentions:
  @dxram: 1 times
  @devexpress: 1 times
  @MehulHarry: 1 times
  @garyshort: 1 times
  @RoryBecker: 1 times
  @rachelhawley: 1 times
  @ChrisWalshie: 1 times
  @JMBucknall: 1 times
  @olivers: 1 times
  @ianfnelson: 1 times
coenroest mentions:
  @Rebeccaaaaa: 1 times
  @leroynl: 1 times
  @muizz: 1 times
  @rickes: 1 times
  @basvannimwegen: 1 times
  @coenroest: 1 times
  @casperboone: 1 times
  @markhulstein: 1 times
  @laurasmetsers: 1 times
  @pimmetje: 1 times
giyeonchung mentions:
davdagic mentions:
  @blogowski: 1 times
  @eniac: 1 times
  @ivanbrezakbrkan: 1 times
  @Belgrade: 1 times
  @BorisLicina: 1 times
  @Aljosajap: 1 times
  @Beler: 1 times
  @DedaBor: 1 times
  @gadgeterija: 1 times
  @ivanbevc: 1 times
jehy mentions:
livingvenice mentions:
myrtleshuffle mentions:
  @axelxes: 1 times
hotaround mentions:
kusior mentions:
  @alisabirks: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @kusior: 1 times
likuku mentions:
  @miniroom549: 1 times
meghab mentions:
  @MLukaczyn: 1 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @mtrindustries: 1 times
  @LynnATL: 1 times
  @stacykinney: 1 times
  @LWLAtlanta: 1 times
fixdesign mentions:
  @PolymerClayTips: 1 times
  @Okema: 1 times
  @ColtPixy: 1 times
  @GipsyBlood: 1 times
  @gamtncrafts: 1 times
  @sarahw3: 1 times
  @GinaParnell: 1 times
  @kimisen: 1 times
  @fixdesign: 1 times
  @dlsarmywife: 1 times
ladylegacy mentions:
  @SkeeterHansen: 1 times
cyberdiva2 mentions:
  @Glinner: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
claysports mentions:
  @PheasantPhun: 1 times
anastasiaaaaaa mentions:
sanfordlewis mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @JonHutson: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
catvincent mentions:
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @RealCliveBarker: 1 times
bookwoman60 mentions:
  @pegadams: 1 times
  @cindyoyo: 1 times
  @bookwoman60: 1 times
  @GerdaDuring: 1 times
  @Stevehart: 1 times
  @MrsMcElrath: 1 times
  @mbruning81WHAT: 1 times
c_e mentions:
  @bargainvillas: 1 times
  @SETinNYC: 1 times
  @travelscoop: 1 times
  @craigkillick: 1 times
  @joeblogsdotnet: 1 times
  @holidaypad: 1 times
  @CE: 1 times
  @villarenters: 1 times
evregirl mentions:
  @marcocali: 1 times
  @CYHSYtheband: 1 times
mrmarctheceo mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @mrmarctheceo: 1 times
brendafinkle mentions:
  @JonHutson: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
classichiphop mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @GorillaZoe: 1 times
  @classichiphop: 1 times
  @Bighoodboss: 1 times
  @Datboibabyc: 1 times
  @maxxcalzz: 1 times
  @FlyboyOState: 1 times
haforhope mentions:
  @Threedot: 1 times
  @RichCurrie: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @BradParlier: 1 times
  @BizOpps: 1 times
  @HaforHope: 1 times
smilinnursannie mentions:
  @MaraBG: 1 times
chrissinclair09 mentions:
  @jcdunleavy: 1 times
  @ChrisSinclair09: 1 times
cath_b mentions:
  @victoriaaa: 2 times
  @CathB: 1 times
celestinechua mentions:
  @kikolani: 1 times
barrymadden mentions:
  @MattSando: 1 times
  @Fabuluxe: 1 times
  @GoddessSammy: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @MajaSmiling: 1 times
  @thomasfischer: 1 times
  @mrrodd: 1 times
nocw_lady mentions:
  @davidplexco: 1 times
urbanverse mentions:
  @jimmath: 1 times
  @jbmahaffie: 1 times
  @Urbanverse: 1 times
  @jenjarratt: 1 times
  @michelebowman: 1 times
  @changeist: 1 times
  @iftf: 1 times
  @frankspencer: 1 times
paulomeara mentions:
  @CSATP: 1 times
donald50 mentions:
noobcook mentions:
  @MaryBeallAdler: 1 times
  @sweetsfoods: 1 times
louisianatravel mentions:
  @bigeasylivin: 1 times
desmondpro mentions:
  @lexmarie90: 1 times
  @LadyC0C0: 1 times
  @LexxDiamond228: 1 times
  @misschantel: 1 times
  @DesmondPro: 1 times
  @MsTeLaReNee: 1 times
  @NefTheDamaja: 1 times
  @AmorJones: 1 times
ictoys mentions:
  @supermomcentral: 1 times
glitterstarz mentions:
  @jimsmeltzartfollowfriday: 1 times
  @BtSEO: 1 times
  @ArtNews: 1 times
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
  @GLITTERSTARZ: 1 times
  @artbix2day: 1 times
bprickett mentions:
  @WriteOnCreative: 1 times
tralhas mentions:
  @victordomingos: 1 times
  @RitaFresh: 1 times
texascoastal mentions:
  @RoyM77: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @rcdellara: 1 times
  @RebeccaBent: 1 times
  @texascoastal: 1 times
  @greekfood: 1 times
  @HereForTheBeer: 1 times
  @scriptgirl: 1 times
carlhblomqvist mentions:
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @RealCliveBarker: 1 times
mclesceri mentions:
  @wendyfulks: 1 times
  @FireParadox: 1 times
vanessasummers mentions:
  @sleepHelper: 1 times
frozencanvas mentions:
  @ShaneDailey: 1 times
interactivearts mentions:
  @interactivearts: 1 times
vincentmayers mentions:
evaulian mentions:
  @ezsoulja: 1 times
  @centerpet: 2 times
  @Jonnyfishboy: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
  @nuru54: 1 times
  @seventy5: 1 times
  @evaulian: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @eddruckman: 1 times
carlc mentions:
  @GRFollowFriday: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @rjmarmol: 1 times
  @angiecovacs: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @resofactor: 1 times
  @pfmonaco: 1 times
mygenchanmutt mentions:
  @barkbusiness: 1 times
  @DrHarvey: 1 times
  @k9cuisine: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @poochdoggie: 1 times
  @JanetRoper: 1 times
mediastarr mentions:
  @growlineglad: 1 times
gaylefox mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
joyfc mentions:
  @thehomechef: 1 times
  @alexisgrant: 1 times
  @the3day: 1 times
  @NBCF: 1 times
  @EliseBlackwell: 1 times
  @susanorlean: 1 times
  @Thandelike: 1 times
  @Avonwalks: 1 times
  @elisastein: 1 times
stephencharles mentions:
  @cbjfotoRT: 1 times
  @paulgiuntaThanks: 1 times
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
  @mcgraths: 1 times
  @HeathC: 1 times
  @joshbobbitt: 1 times
  @chrisammond: 1 times
  @skiphunt: 1 times
keeper85 mentions:
  @rocklandusa: 1 times
  @DudeCavanaugh: 1 times
  @keeper85: 1 times
  @laroharper: 1 times
  @samandanne: 1 times
  @jtdachtler: 1 times
  @virtualsharon: 1 times
  @puavictim: 1 times
bananasessions mentions:
  @undertheradar: 1 times
  @wearefindogask: 1 times
  @trappedinkansas: 1 times
  @bananasessions: 1 times
  @Beerjacket: 1 times
  @thewhiskyworks: 1 times
  @dupec: 1 times
georgia_mcbride mentions:
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
hospice4animals mentions:
  @BabyHaroldK@zenawarriordog: 1 times
305divatweeter mentions:
  @lindag199: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @Matt369: 1 times
  @305DivaTweeter: 1 times
  @ViewNews: 1 times
  @lisbethwest: 1 times
kinchyuk mentions:
  @darlingbuds: 1 times
  @kinchyuk: 1 times
davewoodson mentions:
  @kathysipple: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @coachlee: 1 times
  @mycmps: 1 times
  @joeubben: 1 times
  @davewoodson: 1 times
zaragreen mentions:
  @suelemus: 1 times
  @ZaraGreenfull: 1 times
erinhere mentions:
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @GuyNGirlTravels: 1 times
jayshia mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @patspeaks: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @jazzbird2100: 1 times
  @elledenise: 1 times
  @SpendLessTV: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
sherrymn mentions:
  @jontx: 1 times
  @bertzel81: 1 times
  @ashman01: 1 times
  @tankspot: 1 times
johnhancock61 mentions:
  @LjTx: 1 times
steporter mentions:
  @ollymoss: 1 times
abbebuck mentions:
  @gov2events: 1 times
  @govloop: 1 times
  @innogov: 1 times
  @MaryDavie: 1 times
  @krazykriz: 1 times
  @govtwit: 1 times
  @fedbizdev: 1 times
  @dclobbyist: 1 times
  @inputgovernment: 1 times
  @ezgsa: 1 times
  @caseycoleman: 1 times
jeffreybdavis mentions:
  @accesspharma: 1 times
  @jeffreybdavis: 1 times
  @Accesspharma: 1 times
  @tradinggoddess: 1 times
  @hqstocks: 1 times
  @THEDAYTRADER888: 1 times
  @STOCKPRO777: 1 times
jobconnect mentions:
  @JulieTyios: 1 times
laurie_tossy mentions:
  @Jewelbeams: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @PamelaM: 1 times
friesenmike mentions:
  @shawnrainey: 1 times
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
  @jsabella49: 1 times
  @NCpeach: 1 times
  @Lagwolf: 1 times
  @maryc49: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
mwarf mentions:
  @kevinlcc: 1 times
  @rodleland: 1 times
  @tanyaplonka: 1 times
preservationist mentions:
  @AngelEasterling: 1 times
jmedvm mentions:
  @jmedvm@PetMD@grpetsupply@ShropshireLife: 1 times
  @StaticVortexTYxxjmedvm: 1 times
fuel_jp mentions:
  @mishikraz: 1 times
  @adellecharles: 1 times
  @aaroni268: 1 times
robertak mentions:
louislandon mentions:
  @nakdtree: 1 times
  @SkeeterHarris: 1 times
  @lifecruise: 1 times
  @VoltageSpike212: 1 times
pamela_jones mentions:
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @paperboy1005: 1 times
  @amyrabinovitz: 1 times
  @buckb: 1 times
  @OprahExaminer: 1 times
  @beachexaminer: 1 times
  @NancyMDickinson: 1 times
  @sharizap: 1 times
heatherpurio mentions:
  @w0lfh0und: 1 times
imultisport mentions:
  @adventurepam: 1 times
lrknight mentions:
  @pabell: 1 times
  @eoktown: 1 times
  @lrknight: 1 times
  @jfloyd: 1 times
  @svandyke: 1 times
  @zanez11comm: 1 times
  @laurelbowen: 1 times
  @lspegman: 1 times
  @tnschmid: 1 times
  @drscot: 1 times
afjgroup mentions:
  @BretMcCormick: 1 times
  @successawaitsu: 1 times
  @iLoVeChEvY: 1 times
  @DominicScott: 1 times
  @katdish: 1 times
  @KLTV: 1 times
auntiestress mentions:
  @LynnATL: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
greennation mentions:
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @GoodFibers: 1 times
  @Gaiam: 1 times
  @GreenNation: 1 times
  @weplaygreenthanks: 1 times
  @ecopreneur: 1 times
  @GreenGirls: 1 times
  @Greengig: 1 times
truefinance mentions:
  @cherylpiedad: 1 times
  @JeffKnize: 1 times
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @shararee: 1 times
  @KangenH20Magic: 1 times
  @PhoenixMonELdy: 1 times
mduchamp mentions:
  @lauraduhaime: 2 times
  @TeodoraGesheva: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @mduchamp: 1 times
  @ElliotGarciaJr: 1 times
  @GabriellaSky: 1 times
  @j: 1 times
alotus_poetry mentions:
  @AllThingsGirl: 1 times
  @Ayprel: 1 times
karenkodish mentions:
  @mypctechs: 1 times
  @KarenKodish: 1 times
  @openzine: 1 times
  @scynet: 1 times
  @karenlangston: 1 times
  @EleART: 1 times
  @techwatch: 1 times
apoll0nia mentions:
  @cookeecut: 1 times
  @cybereddie: 1 times
tinahancock mentions:
  @SandraBaptist: 1 times
  @potentiate: 1 times
  @EFranz13: 1 times
sarahsturtevant mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
peopleincubator mentions:
  @KazThomas: 1 times
  @peopleincubator: 1 times
nettagyrl mentions:
  @fineinteriors: 1 times
  @DreJones71: 1 times
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
hel_discusshr mentions:
  @justxan: 1 times
  @svenringling: 1 times
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @meghanmbiro: 1 times
bizarre57 mentions:
  @clahhs: 2 times
dontia mentions:
  @MindPowerCoach: 1 times
charlespapp mentions:
  @KayHunter: 1 times
startupnowus mentions:
  @jackalert: 1 times
  @StartUpNowUS: 1 times
choochootheband mentions:
  @Jordan: 1 times
  @choochootheband: 1 times
xxaviert mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @tracywowfactor: 1 times
  @beiruta: 1 times
  @LimousineLAX: 1 times
  @BeatTheBar: 1 times
  @TracyRepchuk: 1 times
  @afirmin: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
1dollar4_autism mentions:
  @astrowebgirl: 1 times
  @tracitoguchi: 1 times
blogseoexpert mentions:
  @casolari: 1 times
  @thegman: 1 times
  @SeoSeoSeoSeoSeo: 1 times
  @seochick: 1 times
  @blogseoexpert: 1 times
  @SEOGoogleGuru: 1 times
narf_snw mentions:
  @michaelbay: 2 times
beingswell mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @CynthiaLasVegas: 1 times
  @beingswell: 1 times
  @givemebargains: 1 times
  @InExcess: 1 times
ermd2000 mentions:
  @mysportsrumors: 1 times
  @ckanal: 1 times
  @kallardnyc: 1 times
  @Hef: 1 times
  @ermd2000: 1 times
  @fansided: 1 times
  @PigsknLvngLady: 1 times
  @EthanJaynes: 1 times
  @Gunaxin: 1 times
irafromsyosset mentions:
  @alotuspoetry: 1 times
  @theeflinpoet: 1 times
  @yingko4: 1 times
  @twihaiku: 1 times
  @taylorxanne: 1 times
  @walkfish: 1 times
  @Holly59: 1 times
  @williamskim: 1 times
  @craft: 1 times
pkassner mentions:
  @jdbuerger: 1 times
  @curtisfinancial: 1 times
  @behaviorgap: 1 times
  @russthornton: 1 times
  @RickKahler: 1 times
  @marionasnes: 1 times
wesleycrawford mentions:
  @ashalieme: 1 times
cleolinda mentions:
  @nattywoohoo: 1 times
pkelly99 mentions:
  @Annanomaly: 1 times
ocean_raven mentions:
  @AhhPhotography: 1 times
xiane mentions:
  @WriterRdanielak: 1 times
  @CandlesbyTasha: 1 times
  @whatdayathink: 1 times
  @chadbordes: 1 times
  @Xiane: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @w: 1 times
halfcent59 mentions:
  @andycrashThanks: 1 times
  @KarenRedShoesPR: 1 times
  @kopetski7: 1 times
  @Halfcent59: 1 times
  @snipeyhead: 1 times
  @CharPrincessa: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
  @rings90: 1 times
seorse mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
hersh17 mentions:
  @LauraGuthrie: 1 times
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @VBassDeBinion: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
dbale mentions:
  @literaryhall: 1 times
  @veganswines: 1 times
  @BUTTERFLYWHEEL: 1 times
  @rjw8888: 1 times
  @JoLynneValerie: 1 times
  @BrennanAnnie: 1 times
  @BettyBitch: 1 times
marthasnotary mentions:
  @ScottATaylor: 1 times
allieiswired mentions:
  @emmyrossum: 1 times
  @DARETHEMOVIE: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @totallytobin: 1 times
  @komenforthecure: 1 times
  @NOH8CAMPAIGN: 1 times
  @jupiterrising: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @sandrabernhard: 1 times
iconservative mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
livelyppop mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
wast4huckabee12 mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
sf_tweets mentions:
  @bettyfellows: 1 times
  @annadean: 1 times
cysticfibrosism mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
43kixsf mentions:
  @SFTweets: 1 times
  @bettyfellows: 1 times
  @annadean: 1 times
azbizreporter mentions:
  @AZKT1: 1 times
jasoncroxford mentions:
  @RonMaxim: 1 times
  @ARoadRetraveled: 1 times
  @hearthealthguy: 1 times
  @neopaine: 1 times
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @Princesscyndi21: 1 times
nawbola mentions:
  @karenrae2: 1 times
  @delwilliams: 1 times
  @Nawbola: 1 times
  @BrianHessthanks: 1 times
mbaaz mentions:
  @ElyDelaney: 1 times
  @elydelaney: 1 times
  @StartUpNowUS: 1 times
  @MBAAZ: 1 times
mamacooks mentions:
  @frank717TY: 1 times
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
  @STXherry: 1 times
  @TalulahStarr: 1 times
  @publius772000: 1 times
  @crstjohn81: 1 times
  @DarnRepublican: 1 times
atocc mentions:
  @instyledecor: 1 times
lacyleathers mentions:
  @mschitaKLPX: 1 times
jonpaul_lenczuk mentions:
  @Chrissyisms: 2 times
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @RiGuy: 1 times
  @@Mathiayus: 1 times
  @AdamSpiel: 1 times
  @luciddraco: 1 times
  @SheilaEthier: 1 times
kornopalox mentions:
  @tamtweetam: 1 times
  @kornopalox: 1 times
  @moeart: 1 times
joeygiggles mentions:
  @thejars: 1 times
  @RSDBeGone: 1 times
  @DrSG: 1 times
  @jen43a: 1 times
  @Jewelrymkr: 1 times
  @joeygiggles: 1 times
  @KissaHasRSD: 1 times
  @kiskitty: 1 times
  @angelbliss: 1 times
  @artyjill: 1 times
  @ek: 1 times
whymommy mentions:
  @safercans: 1 times
theorganicdish mentions:
  @BCBR: 1 times
  @TheOrganicDish: 1 times
  @olomomo: 1 times
lunasea2 mentions:
  @DanSavage: 1 times
  @BianchiWrites: 1 times
dannybrown mentions:
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @sarahrobinson: 1 times
liberatelaura mentions:
cpembleton mentions:
  @reporter4651: 1 times
meeshnyc mentions:
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
pastorgreg mentions:
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @hiphoptwit: 1 times
  @J3WELS: 1 times
  @FloridaJ850: 1 times
  @tashanzac: 1 times
  @BelieveKids: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
misterhilton mentions:
  @pandammonia: 1 times
  @MatthiasFoxx: 1 times
  @bettiezz: 1 times
  @penpen72: 1 times
  @MakeupArtistmag: 1 times
  @CommonPigeon: 1 times
  @MisterHilton: 1 times
  @21kathy: 1 times
jabubags mentions:
  @danmillerbbnq: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @jessicalearning: 1 times
  @EdLovesSumo: 1 times
  @aslprosper: 1 times
  @XceptN: 1 times
  @JazmineSpirit: 1 times
fabricioviana mentions:
  @LGBTBlogs: 1 times
  @catchUpTv: 1 times
  @dykerama: 1 times
  @Renatoan: 1 times
  @fabricioviana: 1 times
  @acapacombr: 1 times
  @gaybrasil: 1 times
  @bhy: 1 times
  @gleisonbarreto: 1 times
  @rickbitch: 1 times
janefriedman mentions:
  @KFZuzulo: 1 times
  @Brendacopeland: 1 times
eldercarern mentions:
  @caregiving: 1 times
  @CVSCares: 1 times
  @flowersbyfarha: 1 times
  @EllenRichter: 1 times
  @UHSciFlack: 1 times
  @SandwichINK: 1 times
socialmediawild mentions:
  @mickeyjm: 1 times
  @Razorfish: 1 times
  @CreativeFolknet: 1 times
  @levimorales: 1 times
  @LFI: 1 times
  @artefluida: 1 times
  @creativele: 1 times
skip_weisman mentions:
  @Craigburn: 1 times
  @Skipweisman: 1 times
missshellbelle mentions:
  @studentoflife: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @rocknrod: 1 times
talegends mentions:
  @binaurally: 1 times
unocontodo mentions:
  @L1L1: 1 times
  @elrui: 1 times
  @JorgeVelasquez: 1 times
  @dopzihon: 1 times
  @jacksuperstar: 1 times
  @carmenpadron: 1 times
raziel_ mentions:
  @Ficticia: 1 times
  @bichissimo: 1 times
  @GatitoAca: 1 times
  @jjbelmonte: 1 times
  @LilianaElena: 1 times
  @raziel: 1 times
  @Yorch81: 1 times
  @xangua: 1 times
  @Mariancolia: 1 times
sheamusburns mentions:
  @borbay: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @peteravalos: 1 times
  @alexiskmanheim: 1 times
stevebuchalter mentions:
  @aviavia: 1 times
  @rricha2835: 1 times
  @aravindajith: 1 times
  @SteveBuchalter: 1 times
  @mysocialbuzz: 1 times
kelren5 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
mickeygomez mentions:
  @JamesAWoods: 1 times
rednett mentions:
  @MarkRMatthews: 1 times
epicureanjourny mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
london_law_firm mentions:
  @MyAppleStuff: 1 times
  @RanieriPR: 1 times
brianblanchard mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @jesushoyos: 1 times
  @BrianBlanchard: 1 times
  @jerbuen: 1 times
  @Parature: 1 times
marielancup mentions:
  @kendallthiessen: 1 times
jtkweb_seo mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @tbsearch: 1 times
leeraito mentions:
  @gbstrickland: 2 times
  @ChangeNetwork: 1 times
  @MyDiscretion: 1 times
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @leeraito: 1 times
wildfoodie1 mentions:
  @CulpepperHerbs: 1 times
merciaj mentions:
cocktailspirit mentions:
  @sarahashley: 1 times
  @elisehelene: 1 times
  @sallymak26: 1 times
  @WhiskyParty: 1 times
ivegotucovered mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @IveGotUCovered: 1 times
  @RunnerBliss: 1 times
  @doncrow: 1 times
  @PopWuping: 1 times
renestrauss mentions:
  @dwittercom: 1 times
drdavaynedc mentions:
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @EnergyMandala: 1 times
  @SarahJL: 1 times
  @HolisticHealing: 1 times
  @Aligning: 1 times
  @DrSeth: 1 times
  @chelseabets: 1 times
allshoppingdeal mentions:
  @allendaniels: 1 times
joywilder mentions:
  @jessewatson1: 2 times
freeonlineradio mentions:
  @normalinda66: 1 times
  @freeonlineradio: 1 times
strutting mentions:
  @strutting: 1 times
pannora mentions:
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @eddyizm: 1 times
  @emokidsloveme: 1 times
  @DittoWatch: 1 times
chatroomscae mentions:
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @chatroomsCAE: 1 times
lesleybohm mentions:
  @derekfredMy: 1 times
  @ErinTM: 1 times
  @davidneagle: 1 times
  @kirkprine: 1 times
  @DonnyLobree: 1 times
  @LotusAmy: 1 times
  @lesleybohm: 1 times
hyacinths4 mentions:
  @butterflymaven: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
elementalbliss mentions:
  @IrDONOHOE: 1 times
  @AustinPrime: 1 times
  @DJRemedy8: 1 times
  @MagicMattYo: 1 times
  @ThePrimeKrew: 1 times
  @LisaaxMariee: 1 times
  @ElementalBliss: 1 times
josephbtreaster mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @ConniePodesta: 1 times
  @DigitalArtsNZ: 1 times
  @Flexlewis1: 1 times
evanjoseph mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
swingsandpretty mentions:
tastyeatsathome mentions:
  @thewickednoodle: 1 times
  @MyCaribbeanFood: 1 times
  @CamilleMaurice: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
shyonebeats mentions:
  @Hardsy: 2 times
  @askyourgirl: 1 times
  @djshandy: 1 times
  @ShyOneBeats: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @reemkanj: 1 times
  @TrueTiger: 1 times
  @Balistiq: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @TeamSupreme: 1 times
djclutchone mentions:
  @Devil: 1 times
  @djclutchone: 1 times
chrystaldragon mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
realtyfaces mentions:
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @FunkeyFlashBack: 1 times
  @realtyvideos: 1 times
  @mbresnahan: 1 times
  @DiamondzR4ever: 1 times
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
5minutesformom mentions:
  @ChicPRGal: 1 times
  @5minutesformom: 1 times
  @chicBuds: 1 times
  @chicBlvd: 1 times
i_d_god mentions:
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @mcdermottbilly: 1 times
  @SJRod: 1 times
  @servantkeeper: 1 times
  @jrsmith1154: 1 times
  @Apollonia316: 1 times
  @myworldofk: 1 times
  @lynnakay: 1 times
  @IDGOD: 1 times
mr_freebie mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @Freystatter: 1 times
  @MrFreebie: 1 times
  @knikkolette: 1 times
  @launchgum: 1 times
mr_oneliner mentions:
  @Radioblogger: 1 times
  @ALIPAC: 1 times
  @heartoftheother: 1 times
  @johnjoliver: 1 times
  @lunarfly: 1 times
eracose mentions:
  @pegmulligan: 1 times
meanrachel mentions:
  @BooBoo3000: 1 times
  @place2mike: 1 times
  @ayecacahuate: 1 times
  @meanrachel: 1 times
  @givingcity: 1 times
  @ATX4U: 1 times
  @Austin360: 1 times
sherriepetersen mentions:
  @rllafevers: 1 times
ezsoulja mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @scrosnoe: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @ezsoulja: 1 times
  @Bernastar: 1 times
aaronkaiser mentions:
missaban mentions:
  @52Loaves: 1 times
  @chaoticbarb: 1 times
  @GoWithTheGrain: 1 times
  @belairmagazine: 1 times
  @slharper: 1 times
  @MoreThanCoffee: 1 times
  @missaban: 1 times
  @VizionThree: 1 times
jonletocq mentions:
  @getfitwithk: 1 times
  @jonletocq: 1 times
rosskressel mentions:
  @quintinwashingt: 1 times
orangy68 mentions:
  @HippyDi: 1 times
  @justinewalshe: 1 times
  @artyjill: 1 times
  @MagpieGuy: 1 times
  @Hipchick999: 1 times
  @LadyTwitster: 1 times
  @lisa24270: 1 times
askbillmitchell mentions:
  @1Dollar4autism: 1 times
michaeldeverett mentions:
  @N8I: 1 times
  @jeffscvtalk: 1 times
  @hsiawen: 1 times
  @ladyducayne: 1 times
  @micdee: 1 times
  @ryandrake: 1 times
  @theDPQ: 1 times
  @kellycelia: 1 times
  @budsakovkok: 1 times
mrwindh mentions:
  @reneebacke: 1 times
randallw25 mentions:
  @danbharris: 1 times
magazinereader mentions:
  @howard74: 1 times
  @CPinckley: 1 times
  @fredstanley: 1 times
  @georgeppl: 1 times
  @chescastevens: 1 times
  @alanlcohen: 1 times
  @giftforwomen: 1 times
  @EdPalac: 1 times
  @janicelima: 1 times
zodiachoroscope mentions:
  @fareedwarrad: 1 times
  @EventFeed: 1 times
  @TattooOrNot: 1 times
  @lgr: 1 times
  @myyuwie: 1 times
  @AshleeHoward90: 1 times
  @EfusjonDawn: 1 times
  @cheapwinefinder: 1 times
  @gannotti: 1 times
  @ebayhalfprice: 1 times
lizmarrmsrd mentions:
  @WorthTheWhisk: 1 times
  @LizMarrMSRD: 1 times
charlotte_nomad mentions:
johncorp mentions:
  @Karina47sj: 1 times
  @HolocaustMuseum: 1 times
johnoakdalton mentions:
  @kidschlocko: 1 times
disklabs mentions:
  @Disklabs: 1 times
  @billironside: 1 times
  @johnPC: 1 times
  @steveTLeicsuk: 1 times
  @toptiddles: 1 times
climbergal mentions:
  @mrgunn: 2 times
  @sdbn: 1 times
  @climbergal: 1 times
  @rnaworld: 2 times
tweetingbird mentions:
thefatboys mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
robertjhoward mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
stevenmatsumoto mentions:
pookthy mentions:
  @SunnyA1: 1 times
kimshannon mentions:
  @victorjkennedy: 1 times
  @LadyHoldem: 1 times
  @Midnightmatters: 1 times
  @BPDINOKC: 1 times
technicavita mentions:
montgmwine mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @SilenesCellar: 1 times
  @sobonwine: 1 times
  @allaboutvino: 1 times
  @CBCwinery: 1 times
  @wineinkbytia: 1 times
  @MontgMWine: 1 times
  @stacywoods: 1 times
  @laurasrecipes: 1 times
lorib mentions:
  @kevleitch: 1 times
  @SamanthaEmusic: 1 times
tesia mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
ryan_pearson mentions:
  @dankuschell: 1 times
  @philmutrie: 1 times
  @tellman: 1 times
  @JoniBeadle: 1 times
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @FasterWebmaster: 1 times
  @alexmandossian: 1 times
lindsaylmack mentions:
  @capitaln: 1 times
  @lindsaylmack: 1 times
essensu mentions:
kiwichamp mentions:
  @docmarkelliott: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
billives mentions:
  @mfauscette: 1 times
  @tfink: 1 times
  @billives: 1 times
  @Xtel: 1 times
  @rachelpolish: 1 times
  @carolinedangson: 1 times
  @pgreenbe: 1 times
  @darrenbibby: 1 times
  @clairesays: 1 times
mistatraps mentions:
  @Montanadog: 1 times
libertariansfor mentions:
  @DorothyNed: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @LibertariansFor: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
mikeinto101 mentions:
  @Doris22: 1 times
  @GoldieAZ: 2 times
  @ginthegin: 1 times
  @morse919: 1 times
  @bitchinmon: 1 times
jacksimz mentions:
  @iMrNiceGuy0023: 1 times
  @DinOthman: 1 times
  @adrianhow: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @Alexhamil: 1 times
shelhorowitz mentions:
  @ShannonCherry: 1 times
  @kayross: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @BrownBagDC: 1 times
  @pauletteensign: 1 times
  @jcsimonds: 1 times
tunesandcars mentions:
  @NYInsurancegirl: 1 times
msphantasy mentions:
  @PeopleString: 1 times
  @bizchoice: 1 times
  @BestRx: 1 times
  @mimiwiggins: 1 times
  @msphantasyThanks: 1 times
wellnessforyou mentions:
  @smile4mepatty: 1 times
  @HealthNFitGal: 1 times
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
  @jennmichelletx: 1 times
  @Noetical: 1 times
  @alydesigns: 1 times
  @Hollymark: 1 times
  @JJNextGenTV: 1 times
portsnap mentions:
  @NerdInSkirt: 1 times
captainfart mentions:
  @timzero4: 1 times
  @sojourner9: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @captainfart: 1 times
  @dmf71: 1 times
  @GottaLafffollowfridaypeopletofollow: 1 times
affiliatetips mentions:
  @JimMacMillan: 1 times
  @TheAffiliateGuy: 1 times
  @adsenseriches: 1 times
  @dawnser: 1 times
  @brianwilliams: 1 times
  @EdwardMoore: 1 times
  @AureliusTjin: 1 times
niceonerob mentions:
  @mayormiller: 1 times
  @NiceOneRob: 1 times
presentability mentions:
  @SlideMagnet: 1 times
  @MarionChapsal: 1 times
  @PRESENTability: 1 times
  @TimothyArcher: 1 times
  @joshdilworth: 1 times
  @jeremyjaymes: 1 times
  @TRONash: 1 times
  @MarketingVeep: 1 times
inspiks mentions:
  @CathrineFeehely: 2 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
  @INSPIKS: 1 times
  @FZeringue: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @Sonja: 1 times
janeellen mentions:
  @frindley: 1 times
ellensoffer mentions:
  @lorimcneeartist: 1 times
donative mentions:
  @FriendsofWFP: 1 times
  @GlobalGiving: 1 times
  @StellaMetsovas: 1 times
  @undpusa: 1 times
  @mdhawan: 1 times
  @WFPCommitteeSD: 1 times
  @donative: 1 times
pingwifi mentions:
  @AmadoCruz: 1 times
140tc mentions:
  @OsnatBresler: 1 times
deborahdunn mentions:
  @mcphillips: 1 times
  @TomVMorris: 1 times
  @galtime: 1 times
  @ThriftDiva: 1 times
  @crystaldunn: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @NinaRoesner: 1 times
  @celebsisters: 1 times
lattegirltoo mentions:
  @auntnty: 1 times
  @JimMontgomery: 1 times
  @QuickMap: 1 times
  @lattegirltoo: 1 times
  @JuliaKline: 1 times
  @Spoonfulofchoco: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
insideislam mentions:
  @fatemehf: 1 times
kaitfoley mentions:
  @fatemehf: 1 times
nikitasamuelle mentions:
  @fatemehf: 1 times
dvyo mentions:
  @JonathanDune: 1 times
  @Noetical: 1 times
  @jasonrose: 1 times
  @SallyWitzky: 1 times
  @ShannonCherry: 1 times
  @shel: 1 times
  @Yokibics: 1 times
  @malarsk: 1 times
  @briandanin: 1 times
ask57 mentions:
  @jacoutofthebox: 1 times
  @ask57: 1 times
travel_buzz mentions:
  @schneiderk: 1 times
doberama mentions:
  @TiernanDouieb: 1 times
  @kenarmstrong1: 1 times
holly_hollywood mentions:
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @kevinpollak: 1 times
  @berryanarchy: 1 times
  @MuseumModernArt@mannequinreject: 1 times
  @VintageMarket: 1 times
  @hollyHollywood@ricacupcakes: 1 times
007peter mentions:
  @butterflykisserfollowfriday: 1 times
  @007peter: 1 times
thespianduckie mentions:
  @kaitfoley: 1 times
  @fatemehf: 1 times
roshodgekiss mentions:
  @travelbuzz: 1 times
raywelling mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @raywelling: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @champagnemanoir: 1 times
  @hasteyourday: 1 times
perfect4money mentions:
  @myadventureguy: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @UnderTheBar: 1 times
  @WSGlossary: 1 times
vacommunity mentions:
  @Teri8D: 2 times
  @MLCBusiness: 1 times
  @MegBarberVA: 1 times
  @BethFrank: 1 times
  @BarJD: 1 times
  @pbelyeu: 1 times
drmani mentions:
  @rickbutts: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
motiv8yourself mentions:
  @alexmaxbir: 1 times
  @Motiv8Yourself: 1 times
jorgebessa mentions:
  @NajaraLB: 1 times
  @fridayluv@JorgeBessa: 1 times
markthetrainer mentions:
  @Alexhamil: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @psGuide: 1 times
  @LindaToTheMax: 1 times
  @MikeIsOnHisWay: 1 times
  @fitlady1: 1 times
  @barsy: 1 times
  @superjenn26: 1 times
  @DrGarde: 1 times
  @Shodanagal: 1 times
  @Radiance80: 1 times
allstarchiro mentions:
  @selahpromo: 2 times
  @AllStarChiro: 2 times
  @sudhirzutshi: 1 times
  @etlap1: 1 times
  @ambarhamid: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Bluewolf2072: 1 times
tourabout mentions:
  @empoweredfemale: 1 times
freaky_curves mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @matt369: 1 times
  @thesweetness: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @dewdropper: 1 times
  @bascorebenga: 1 times
  @freakycurves: 1 times
cherluvya mentions:
  @RockneS: 1 times
hadramie mentions:
  @gnizz: 2 times
  @ininehemiahikpe: 1 times
  @Sn0wrose: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @BrainGuyJerry: 1 times
  @ddoug: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
flowerporn mentions:
  @winniemzembe: 1 times
aerobroken mentions:
  @c21sftu: 1 times
lordlamington mentions:
  @sezadams: 1 times
fredinchina mentions:
  @JeffreyJDavis: 1 times
  @fredinchina: 1 times
fredgarrett mentions:
  @peopleequal: 1 times
  @Fredgarrett: 1 times
tweetinggran mentions:
  @StarsandSpace: 1 times
nuclearbastard mentions:
  @dagmarlamp: 1 times
propixstream mentions:
  @thinktunk: 1 times
  @StevenStiefel: 1 times
rabbitandcrow mentions:
  @lastexitshirts: 1 times
hollandspies mentions:
  @NickJSmith: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @knesbitt: 1 times
  @daisiedavies: 1 times
  @littlegoth: 1 times
  @HollandsPies: 1 times
18percentgrey mentions:
  @awyldfyre: 1 times
  @puzzehlogik: 1 times
  @katielynbranson: 1 times
  @terrascene: 1 times
  @truegabe: 1 times
  @emperorNorton: 1 times
my6sense mentions:
  @StarlingPRO: 1 times
lizzylou62 mentions:
  @stujumpto: 1 times
  @twelve20: 1 times
  @lukewikilime: 1 times
  @lizzylou62: 1 times
  @markgj: 1 times
  @BacheldreMill: 1 times
  @ShropshirePixie: 1 times
nitestar mentions:
  @robmcnealy: 1 times
  @maxime68: 1 times
  @whiteheronmi: 1 times
  @jasonpollock: 1 times
  @smm353: 1 times
  @tedoe: 1 times
  @rodrigdb: 1 times
justthirty mentions:
  @addersop: 1 times
mineralrich mentions:
  @markosinski: 1 times
randomchicken mentions:
  @daviddodd: 1 times
cohoons_world mentions:
  @lilwldchld: 1 times
  @nawlinswoman: 1 times
  @CohoonsWorld: 1 times
  @rfmf24x3: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
luvorhate mentions:
  @ThePatient94: 1 times
  @DisasterInHell: 1 times
adrenalynn_no mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
helendowdell mentions:
  @JVTWILLIE: 1 times
  @AnthonyTilghman: 1 times
studiobaby mentions:
  @empiremagazine: 1 times
  @studiobaby: 1 times
  @gallagherphoto: 1 times
smarthabits mentions:
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @SharonHayesExcellent: 1 times
hansacenter mentions:
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @kathyhadley: 1 times
johnyeng mentions:
davidjernigan mentions:
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @kathyhadley: 1 times
pharaohciously mentions:
  @FionaofToorak: 1 times
  @Pharaohciously: 1 times
tother_simon mentions:
  @EnglishRoses: 1 times
  @denyreligion: 1 times
lifelongindepen mentions:
  @gaylejack: 1 times
  @ruisoares65: 1 times
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @rmaynard: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
sharonandalex mentions:
  @guestblogme: 1 times
silkester mentions:
womanonfire mentions:
  @davidrscott: 1 times
  @bigideaguy: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
slimperfect mentions:
  @JoanneMudd: 1 times
  @girfriendology: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @Egratto: 1 times
  @jilladair: 2 times
  @thedailybonde: 1 times
  @jeffreybell: 1 times
carolannb mentions:
  @ribbonlyn: 1 times
  @PiCr: 1 times
  @taxibob: 1 times
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @acanuckfan: 1 times
  @SevenTenths: 1 times
kparker3 mentions:
  @pbanker1978: 1 times
  @frelle: 1 times
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @Kparker3@Pbanker1978@CathyJBrown@SuzyLee: 1 times
christina1973 mentions:
digimediamavens mentions:
  @missheidi: 1 times
  @misssmith11: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @realandrews: 1 times
  @impe83: 1 times
katievaleska mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
ananke23 mentions:
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
1angelinwaiting mentions:
  @mapde: 1 times
  @1angelinwaiting: 1 times
  @TribeHive: 1 times
  @AutismBlessings: 1 times
murraythet mentions:
  @avenueofthearts: 1 times
sonyapaz mentions:
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @cliffysmom: 1 times
  @acrawley: 1 times
  @sonyapaz: 1 times
  @lameymacdonald: 1 times
  @TameraRooney: 1 times
  @CathySavels: 1 times
  @TeresaFreed: 1 times
  @lisalizalou: 1 times
aronado mentions:
  @SteveGonzalez: 1 times
  @lotay: 1 times
  @cuttermitchell: 2 times
  @successfool: 1 times
  @bobbyrettew: 1 times
  @thebrandbuilder: 1 times
jwhof mentions:
cyntjemusic mentions:
thejagster mentions:
  @DorothyNed: 2 times
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @KellyGalvin: 1 times
  @ioucoffee: 1 times
  @randum20: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @DenverPR: 1 times
leeannprice mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
smybinn mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
moble mentions:
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @billionaire5: 1 times
  @clarencecoggins: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @utterhip: 1 times
  @kprof: 1 times
  @moble: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
magicalmarketer mentions:
  @vaxenvar: 1 times
kcrep mentions:
  @kcstarlight: 1 times
  @KCRep: 1 times
  @UnicornTheatre: 1 times
samuraistyles mentions:
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
kindermusik_bj mentions:
  @nciku: 1 times
wayneliew mentions:
  @alferretti: 1 times
ilaria1010 mentions:
  @TonyCultEx: 1 times
  @redrabbit: 1 times
  @scottia: 1 times
  @raypage: 1 times
  @Ilaria1010: 1 times
rubao78 mentions:
  @NandAlgarve: 1 times
  @janisgusmao: 1 times
dutcheroticart mentions:
  @KneeHighBootFan: 1 times
  @DutchEroticArt: 1 times
  @chickenwicker: 1 times
sierrafriend mentions:
kris_wuhsmom mentions:
allenknoxville mentions:
  @angelswilliam: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
jotahar mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
stacykinney mentions:
  @jwhof: 1 times
ashleywhitt mentions:
  @ecoJoe: 1 times
  @ashleywhitt: 1 times
guestblogme mentions:
laurasandiego mentions:
glutenfreemaps mentions:
  @TomRedwine: 1 times
  @lesliemac59: 1 times
kim_lou mentions:
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
modelexpert mentions:
  @jengroover: 1 times
  @tracicoulter: 1 times
  @behindbhtbrand: 1 times
  @royaldrama: 1 times
  @annettefix: 1 times
bpagemom mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
jakevoit mentions:
  @aaronKmajors: 1 times
  @jakevoit: 1 times
  @Scobleizer: 1 times
  @Gardenwiseguy: 1 times
creativeopera mentions:
spyderd mentions:
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @HawaiianLife: 1 times
  @SpyderD: 1 times
  @mixedbunny: 1 times
  @jamthedirtybird: 1 times
  @RaevenWestern: 1 times
  @DivaChampion: 1 times
dimestorebudget mentions:
  @leggzruthie: 1 times
  @theplacetosave: 1 times
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
  @ThriftyChicMom: 1 times
  @thriftylivngmom: 1 times
  @thriftymommy: 1 times
_heatherbailey mentions:
  @papergrace: 1 times
  @meredithfenwick: 1 times
  @keepingupwmom: 1 times
simasays mentions:
  @regillo: 1 times
boomerangutang mentions:
  @frak: 1 times
  @boomerangutang: 1 times
planetjune mentions:
  @SisterDiane: 1 times
tlamouline mentions:
  @sisterdiane: 1 times
denichimagazine mentions:
  @Imyourdj: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @JDidda: 1 times
  @Ahdinah: 1 times
  @DeNichiMagazine: 1 times
  @MrInfamy: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @empirequeen: 1 times
  @LTLine: 1 times
jollygreengirl mentions:
  @msgreendarling: 1 times
  @frugalfritzie: 1 times
  @parissawax: 1 times
  @m38967: 1 times
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @ActiveCause: 1 times
  @Sexychicgreen: 1 times
kairarouda mentions:
  @themetromom: 2 times
  @CourageCoach: 1 times
  @mombizcoach: 1 times
  @LotusAmy: 1 times
  @kairarouda: 1 times
  @NicolaRTaggart: 1 times
finch36 mentions:
  @patbumstead: 1 times
yokibics mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @Yokibics: 1 times
renselaas mentions:
  @avgjanecrafter: 1 times
katieboocat mentions:
  @avgjanecrafter: 1 times
christinegrimm mentions:
  @BobChoat: 1 times
financetrends mentions:
  @venturepopulist: 1 times
  @maoxian: 1 times
chitobe_oils mentions:
  @HelpYouWell: 1 times
  @CharmsOfLight: 1 times
  @ChiToBeOils: 1 times
prtowealth mentions:
  @FadiSemaan: 1 times
  @PRtoWealth: 1 times
  @ElectronicosPR: 1 times
  @OfficialSuzieQ: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @musclemenca: 1 times
  @solution416: 1 times
blaqkmess mentions:
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
royaldrama mentions:
  @reneeporsia: 1 times
  @butterflykisser: 1 times
  @redleg64: 1 times
  @RoyalDrama: 1 times
  @WeddingDelights: 1 times
  @Chrishell7: 1 times
ecs_dave mentions:
  @DreamWorthy: 1 times
  @dphflipper: 1 times
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
reenit mentions:
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @LiveBugler: 1 times
theclockworkbox mentions:
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @Lurquer: 1 times
  @lovelygirl99: 1 times
  @windowsot: 1 times
  @atraintelexis: 1 times
  @JaxLicurse: 1 times
  @iwasaround: 1 times
melreagan85 mentions:
  @ChageforIran: 1 times
pizpix mentions:
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @pizpix: 1 times
kezza28 mentions:
setimilla mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
gregclement mentions:
  @resherpa: 1 times
  @PeterConti: 1 times
  @gregclement: 1 times
  @ColinEgbert: 1 times
  @dwantwyford: 1 times
  @larry: 1 times
  @ThanMerrill: 1 times
  @JoeCrump: 1 times
  @Sa: 1 times
bizsuccessinc mentions:
  @sandyalbert: 1 times
  @mmaltaisLAT: 1 times
  @georgemoen: 1 times
  @terryslobodian: 1 times
bloggerjoe mentions:
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @LisaJohnson: 1 times
  @MissSididdy: 1 times
  @freshjeremy: 1 times
  @JimPelley: 1 times
drhenderson mentions:
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @AndreaWeiss: 1 times
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @zukyleigh: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @angiemeyerdc: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @divinelove: 1 times
kristinmorelli mentions:
  @LarryBenet: 1 times
  @garyryanblair: 1 times
  @melcoach: 1 times
  @davelakhani: 1 times
  @bobburg: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @thomasmangum@kristinmorelli: 1 times
kimberscott mentions:
  @LittletonStudio: 1 times
adbroad mentions:
  @davidnett: 1 times
  @bettydraper: 1 times
gwynt mentions:
  @dancurtis: 1 times
lukecarbis mentions:
  @sunshinetalia: 1 times
poiterwilson mentions:
  @lukecarbis: 1 times
  @sunshinetalia: 1 times
octoberxswimmer mentions:
  @blackinkjar: 1 times
thepassiondiva mentions:
  @sunraysheryl: 1 times
  @AffirmingSpirit: 1 times
  @wildandivine: 1 times
  @DynamicArtHouse: 1 times
  @SheilaUlrich: 1 times
cozysoul mentions:
  @billionaire5: 1 times
sophie_gill mentions:
  @timbutcher: 1 times
  @SophieGill: 1 times
keithbooe mentions:
xoticbeauty mentions:
  @TravisLarson: 1 times
noalpha mentions:
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @Zavogisky: 1 times
  @grentone: 1 times
  @giselle2323: 1 times
  @Tomas57: 1 times
  @twitlandmark: 1 times
sellermania mentions:
  @erictartanson: 1 times
motsandco mentions:
alexej_freund mentions:
  @RonHagenhoff: 1 times
allyachambers mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @mentaledge: 1 times
  @nancymarmolejo: 1 times
  @alexisneely: 1 times
  @eftradio: 1 times
  @igoxtreme: 1 times
  @socialmania: 1 times
  @maryannepstein: 1 times
srcmontbeliard mentions:
  @MotsAndCo: 1 times
publishingspy mentions:
  @ColleenLindsay: 1 times
astrology2012 mentions:
  @mBringinIt2U1st: 1 times
  @HoganHero: 1 times
  @astrology2012: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @thirdeyecss: 1 times
divyun mentions:
  @vikaskumar: 1 times
vpmedical mentions:
  @tferriss: 1 times
astrowebgirl mentions:
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
heikegall mentions:
digiwedo mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
jeremiahfilms mentions:
  @joeslaughter: 1 times
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
nisanne mentions:
  @nikko11: 1 times
bebopist mentions:
refreshed_media mentions:
  @RobMurray: 1 times
a23637 mentions:
  @Guskari: 1 times
  @a23637: 1 times
islandport mentions:
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
couponalbum mentions:
  @BeShirtHappy: 1 times
kinder_aktuell mentions:
  @Haselnusstafel: 1 times
keimelion mentions:
  @QEstatisticos: 1 times
  @CienciasExactas: 1 times
  @SentireSentidos: 1 times
  @AlmaViva: 1 times
  @RuiMoio: 1 times
  @AprenderLinguas: 1 times
  @CienciasHumanas: 1 times
jenthehen mentions:
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @jenthehen: 1 times
sofiabeckinsale mentions:
  @Thata13: 1 times
marjoriebrody mentions:
  @DebbieTraum: 1 times
slumberbyjulie mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
atticfox mentions:
  @DidYaQ: 1 times
  @neestaples: 1 times
  @rfmf24x3: 1 times
  @jessar: 1 times
  @Baker63: 1 times
beliefnet mentions:
  @libertygrrl: 1 times
  @BnetEntertain: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
  @thewrecking: 1 times
irwin1951 mentions:
  @CannabisNI: 1 times
fiskars_hq mentions:
  @DoubleDanger: 1 times
  @GreenSoil: 1 times
  @FiskarsHQ: 1 times
  @aHaModernLiving: 1 times
  @easybloom: 1 times
  @ethelgloves: 1 times
pigtailsflying mentions:
  @thepioneerwoman: 1 times
anna_cn mentions:
  @natalieallan: 1 times
cheftony mentions:
  @akbarkhan: 1 times
  @jessicaAPISS: 1 times
  @ChefTony: 1 times
  @chrisjohnson: 1 times
  @PattyHankins: 1 times
  @MonsterArmy@SLAMonline: 1 times
  @queenoftheclick: 1 times
showpup mentions:
aboone mentions:
amenabee mentions:
  @pennyhunter: 1 times
simplystagingil mentions:
  @BellacorPro: 1 times
selahpromo mentions:
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @sudhirzutshi: 1 times
  @selahpromo: 1 times
  @etlap1: 1 times
  @ambarhamid: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Bluewolf2072: 1 times
  @AllSt: 1 times
b92 mentions:
  @ishowDJ: 1 times
helprecycle_com mentions:
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
deanzilla mentions:
  @AshleyBP: 1 times
jenbenz mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @mypctechs: 1 times
  @stacylwilson: 1 times
pro_comper mentions:
  @ldsledge: 1 times
  @AudioGearDeals: 1 times
  @RockyCuongVu: 1 times
  @BordersBristol: 1 times
  @lunchboxworld: 1 times
  @WinPrizedraws: 1 times
  @verokins: 1 times
  @cashbackbase: 1 times
  @audiovisual: 1 times
mtrobinson mentions:
  @TKNO: 1 times
  @MsangelaRenee: 1 times
  @CemeterySpot: 1 times
  @AmriJohnson: 1 times
  @obrown3: 1 times
  @dianelevin: 1 times
jtamares mentions:
  @sweetdog3: 1 times
cookschmid mentions:
  @sweetdog3: 1 times
cindywrightson mentions:
  @javelinlori: 1 times
  @ZenMommie: 1 times
  @sponsorpitch: 1 times
  @WendeBurbridge: 1 times
  @stephenoleary: 1 times
  @meaghery: 1 times
  @JohannaBD: 1 times
wittykim mentions:
  @jackhansen: 1 times
micronauta mentions:
alexisgentry mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
aliciawag mentions:
  @TwitterTipsFollowFriday: 1 times
hennergy mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
andrelennon mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
billdrew4 mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
seansmoma mentions:
  @Peterfacinelli: 1 times
delightjenny mentions:
  @modlandUSA: 1 times
  @delightjenny: 1 times
  @sarahEGlenn: 1 times
  @missktk: 1 times
  @karinBj: 1 times
cfritchle mentions:
  @SweetasCandyD: 1 times
  @WeSeed: 1 times
colourlab mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
pieceorutt mentions:
  @sevendaysdesign: 1 times
purplecatjewels mentions:
  @problogger: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
foxx21 mentions:
  @Kratochvil: 1 times
shtfck mentions:
  @hypnotized805: 1 times
davelair mentions:
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
addspace mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @addspace: 1 times
foodluvin mentions:
  @TheGourmetGirl: 1 times
  @chezus1: 1 times
  @TheChefsWife: 1 times
  @ChefKathy: 1 times
  @Chefashbabe: 1 times
  @haleysuzanne: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @foodluvin: 1 times
writeranonymous mentions:
  @danlondon: 1 times
  @booksmugglers: 1 times
  @makingmewonder: 1 times
  @SaffiyaScarlett: 1 times
thesciencebabe mentions:
  @ProfJonathan: 1 times
katsnelson mentions:
  @rsandfo: 1 times
njhphoto mentions:
  @michaelhubbard: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @saulyoung: 1 times
  @njhphoto: 1 times
  @MrStrider: 1 times
fiona_callison mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
revanne1 mentions:
  @reikirod: 1 times
  @MenaGagne: 1 times
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
cuppy mentions:
  @sockington: 1 times
ecoeinstein mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
yarpool mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
emyxoxo mentions:
  @siccNasty: 1 times
  @comefilljulia: 1 times
  @DonnyGoines: 1 times
  @ElkeTheStallion: 1 times
  @babygold: 1 times
  @EmyXOXO: 1 times
  @KaliyahPjones: 1 times
markmayhew mentions:
  @donJamokie: 1 times
lucerotk mentions:
  @loyalenemy: 1 times
atlantajj mentions:
  @judyrey: 1 times
kate_pain mentions:
  @TheMonarch: 1 times
  @womenofcaliber: 1 times
  @MRFJustine: 1 times
  @soupermom: 1 times
  @dambis: 1 times
odaraia mentions:
  @MarilynResFollowFriday: 1 times
  @dailydish: 1 times
  @thehuffpost: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
cardcycle mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @CardCycle: 1 times
  @Listersmate: 1 times
  @amilya: 1 times
  @RayNellum: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
  @crvenk: 1 times
wisewinston mentions:
  @odaraia: 1 times
  @MarilynResFollowFriday: 1 times
  @dailydish: 1 times
  @thehuffpost: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
stwo mentions:
jcvolunteer mentions:
  @JubileeCenter: 1 times
angelswilliam mentions:
  @AllenKnoxville: 1 times
  @angelswilliam: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
digitalartsnz mentions:
  @eRocketFuel: 1 times
cheersranch mentions:
  @JustAskEdu: 1 times
  @CheersRanch: 1 times
  @emedesigns: 1 times
  @jenwag57: 1 times
  @walshpr: 1 times
  @SueScheff: 1 times
reddsmitty mentions:
  @McFixit: 1 times
worldweary mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @ChangeforIran: 1 times
brianjking mentions:
  @danschawbel: 1 times
  @kiwicomm: 1 times
savelife mentions:
  @iPolitics: 1 times
  @savelife: 1 times
ginaspizza mentions:
  @FreshBrothersfollowfriday: 1 times
  @lordwilliam: 1 times
  @aboslovesyou: 1 times
  @larkburger: 1 times
  @spudbros: 1 times
  @ginaspizza: 1 times
  @merlesonmain: 1 times
  @pizzafusion: 1 times
1kc mentions:
  @FreshBrothersfollowfriday: 1 times
  @lordwilliam: 1 times
  @aboslovesyou: 1 times
  @larkburger: 1 times
  @spudbros: 1 times
kevinkute mentions:
bevo1979 mentions:
  @charliemoreno: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
bizauthor mentions:
  @kevinkute: 1 times
liveyourbrand mentions:
  @SandraBaptist: 1 times
pedya mentions:
  @kombib: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lotsacoffee mentions:
kristurtle mentions:
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
garygorman mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
andreloibl mentions:
  @trotzendorff: 1 times
tomwhitby mentions:
  @SaritPery: 1 times
chirpingnoise mentions:
  @bookmom: 1 times
thedavidjohnson mentions:
  @jodyphillips: 1 times
  @TheDavidJohnson: 1 times
comicstripbeat mentions:
schechnner mentions:
  @leorodriguez: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @bevo1979: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
tesne mentions:
  @bevo1979: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
tapestryofgrace mentions:
  @doublelattemamas: 1 times
mikevardy mentions:
  @wordspring: 1 times
doctorlinguist mentions:
  @KittKlaiss: 1 times
e3na mentions:
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @patkiernan: 1 times
robcorddry mentions:
  @patkiernan: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
jillmz mentions:
  @now7grandkids: 1 times
neilgasson mentions:
  @charlottehrb: 1 times
cc30 mentions:
  @imath: 1 times
  @CrampeAuxDoigts: 1 times
  @DelphineD: 1 times
  @hebiflux: 1 times
  @CC30: 1 times
  @ubuntuparty: 1 times
  @MagicMicky: 1 times
  @baxxx: 1 times
  @Loppsi: 1 times
  @MmeDeCons: 1 times
  @michelmass: 1 times
per_capita mentions:
  @PDParker: 1 times
  @nolies4me: 1 times
  @JoAnneMoretti: 1 times
  @percapita: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @kidranger: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @samishamieh: 1 times
xybrewer mentions:
  @nullvariable: 1 times
dwcooper mentions:
  @xybrewer: 1 times
tabithajames mentions:
  @JDEVIL09: 1 times
autumn4given mentions:
  @aaronwelch: 1 times
davidslocombe mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @DavidSlocombe: 1 times
workforbooks mentions:
  @bsoler: 1 times
  @tweetfollow2: 1 times
  @plrperfection: 1 times
  @justpotts: 1 times
  @growline: 1 times
barndogz mentions:
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
  @kimbeeisme: 1 times
  @windowsotTwitter: 1 times
aburgardt mentions:
  @worldofblues: 1 times
  @blues: 1 times
  @FitzgeraldKC: 1 times
  @harm501: 1 times
  @karenhanson: 1 times
  @SheilaCain: 1 times
  @bluesguitarman: 1 times
greg007collins mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
offthestrip mentions:
patisanches mentions:
  @rsouto: 1 times
wolfgirlclaire mentions:
  @WerewolfSam: 1 times
dangerbrown mentions:
  @coop56: 1 times
rshotel mentions:
  @Bsimi: 1 times
  @jeanprytyskacz: 1 times
roguereverend mentions:
  @RevDebra: 1 times
thompsongarc mentions:
militaryupdates mentions:
edgarparada mentions:
  @NaborGarrido: 1 times
tmeister mentions:
  @edgarparada: 1 times
  @nahuel: 1 times
  @MateFramework: 1 times
nytalk mentions:
  @wendywheatley: 1 times
mylesmiller mentions:
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @Zavogisky: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @GRNwithHector: 1 times
  @mylesmiller: 1 times
razorusa mentions:
  @CouchSurfingOri: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
dawncoxwell mentions:
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @patrickhawes: 1 times
armyboyschic mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
dagb mentions:
  @martinkl: 1 times
  @MortenKjetland: 1 times
  @bjarteb: 1 times
  @asandvig: 1 times
  @mortenrovik: 1 times
  @AboKevin: 1 times
  @osol: 1 times
  @terjewold: 1 times
  @Marsjen: 1 times
  @eimoe: 1 times
  @neslekkim: 1 times
forum3 mentions:
  @CareersGroupDev: 1 times
  @forum3: 1 times
  @camfed: 1 times
snowsportonline mentions:
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @sochagota: 1 times
  @bestflights: 1 times
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @littlenomads: 1 times
  @travelbuzz: 1 times
  @snowsportonline: 1 times
  @rampent: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
kristin_madeja mentions:
  @ASHATL: 1 times
fabfatties mentions:
  @Footdr69: 1 times
  @Dawnie22: 1 times
lyca_globeman mentions:
  @mylittleswans: 1 times
  @Alegna75: 1 times
  @vickybaker: 1 times
  @Aloriginal: 1 times
  @crazydaisykits: 1 times
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
  @MarthaVan: 1 times
  @LookoutPointNZ: 1 times
  @LycaGlobeman: 1 times
patbarone mentions:
  @fabfatties: 1 times
  @DebraMazda: 1 times
  @PatBarone: 1 times
  @willofiron: 1 times
  @nessapaige: 1 times
tioma4you mentions:
  @Alexhamil: 1 times
  @philstaudt: 1 times
  @thewaryeye: 1 times
  @TradingBoom: 1 times
  @tioma4you: 1 times
richardpeacock mentions:
  @karinbza: 1 times
meteoworld mentions:
  @theautowriter: 1 times
  @JUPCHEVY: 1 times
  @BurienChevrolet: 1 times
  @jameswoodmotors: 1 times
  @AdamDenison: 1 times
  @mnChevy: 1 times
  @GMCanada: 1 times
  @cbarger: 1 times
  @GMBlogs: 1 times
thepete mentions:
  @1indienation: 1 times
mikomercer mentions:
  @RSHotel: 1 times
  @RShotel: 1 times
jbuford87 mentions:
  @MAG2787: 1 times
irishphotos mentions:
  @SMSart: 1 times
jacqueparry mentions:
  @amyscottgrant: 1 times
arwatts mentions:
  @Crizy93: 1 times
eranksolution mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
n2ition725 mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @rocketrobin2: 1 times
  @moimoura: 1 times
  @FredFitnessGuy: 1 times
  @ChazTodd: 1 times
  @deviedawl: 1 times
  @jklivinontwitt: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @n2ition725: 1 times
  @dancer4u: 1 times
  @Ly: 1 times
vedantefdn mentions:
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @goldlightmedia: 1 times
  @SafetySecurity: 1 times
tweetfollows mentions:
candicejoy2005 mentions:
  @Emogirltalk: 1 times
inquietita mentions:
gaksdesigns mentions:
  @chillami: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
bnow mentions:
  @Blanquis26: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @BNow: 1 times
  @GlobalPatriot: 1 times
  @unseenenergy: 1 times
reenchanter mentions:
  @NinaWallinder: 1 times
  @naturcounselor: 1 times
  @reenchanter: 1 times
  @psyleron: 1 times
blind_baseball mentions:
  @TonerForAutism: 1 times
rossdecker mentions:
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @cameronreilly: 1 times
  @peanutgnome: 1 times
  @egsa: 1 times
  @darkvictory: 1 times
  @axisofphilippe: 1 times
  @kglucas: 1 times
  @ToplessRobot: 1 times
lagrapevine mentions:
  @edgarcaceres: 1 times
  @HypnoticChange: 1 times
  @RadiantSkin: 1 times
  @neacaisa: 1 times
joshuael mentions:
  @12: 1 times
kbrichi mentions:
  @MaiiQ: 1 times
lifeldrshpcoach mentions:
  @lance02: 1 times
  @staceyshipman: 1 times
  @LifeLdrshpCoach: 1 times
  @TomVolkar: 1 times
  @Saganlives: 1 times
angiewa mentions:
zenchill mentions:
  @PassionMD: 1 times
virtuallin mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
forzajuve mentions:
  @MrCrocodile: 1 times
zanzzan mentions:
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
spears_britney_ mentions:
  @spearsbritney: 1 times
  @iamcarl27: 1 times
  @britneyspears: 1 times
  @poorbritney: 1 times
  @abritneyspears: 1 times
kitfoxflyer mentions:
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @kitfoxflyer: 1 times
  @CIIS: 1 times
  @mattfromtfcmb: 1 times
  @keithharmon: 1 times
  @bruceray: 1 times
  @middleeast: 1 times
  @followHim: 1 times
  @Hakicoma: 1 times
ottawahoax mentions:
  @dreamindemonThanks: 1 times
  @reply: 1 times
thespongebob mentions:
  @TheMrKrabs: 1 times
getonlinenow mentions:
  @olivoartstudio: 1 times
mc_stacey mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @rachellelefevr: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
  @WheatysGirl: 1 times
mary608 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
othsprowler mentions:
t_isfortammy mentions:
butmadnnw mentions:
mishelaz mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @rachellelefevr: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
theretrometro mentions:
  @Bruno108: 1 times
  @filippocioni: 1 times
  @MobItaly: 1 times
  @amoilcaffe: 1 times
  @KiteandSail: 1 times
  @lcstranslations: 1 times
  @insopportabile: 1 times
  @beccoblu: 1 times
  @ceto: 1 times
  @francescoonair: 1 times
whataftertwitr mentions:
  @CharPrincessa: 1 times
caichinhos_tk mentions:
  @Fmkohn: 1 times
gparks mentions:
  @pianoeditor: 1 times
glasgowtramway mentions:
rawrrgasmic mentions:
  @Glossaltwinster: 1 times
astraontheair mentions:
  @DrJay420: 1 times
bonnibelle mentions:
  @aaronbyrnes: 2 times
rocquel74 mentions:
  @WheatysGirl: 1 times
cuteand mentions:
flagstick mentions:
  @lizzyval: 1 times
  @cobratour: 1 times
teddygarcia mentions:
  @tobiasfransson: 1 times
  @richschefren: 1 times
walltweet mentions:
  @adamcharnock: 1 times
kristirox mentions:
  @Time4CoffeeTime: 1 times
pinkangel_0704 mentions:
  @SherryCarter: 1 times
  @PinkAngel0704: 1 times
chiqbacana mentions:
  @Ronayb: 1 times
  @ChiqBacana: 1 times
cowgirljp mentions:
  @KarenMcLain: 1 times
  @4states: 1 times
  @CherylHarless: 1 times
  @Lavsage: 1 times
  @WalkingHorse: 1 times
  @sarahtymeson: 1 times
  @Chris1956tian: 1 times
avaiiable mentions:
  @avaiIable: 1 times
  @BeautifulWreck2: 1 times
  @Datewrecks: 1 times
  @MorganDayCecil: 1 times
  @mssinglemama: 1 times
  @paulfeig: 1 times
  @JillyO: 1 times
  @4SingleMoms: 1 times
bryandangerous mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @BRYANDANGEROUS: 1 times
  @yoopress: 1 times
  @celebtaboo: 1 times
  @MarceloRaimo: 1 times
ianrendall mentions:
  @davethackwell: 1 times
gabymeade mentions:
  @jamesbuckley: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @DaniiSmith: 1 times
  @Markfletcheruk: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
jaynejohnson mentions:
  @JamesBurgin: 1 times
  @JayneJohnson: 1 times
fatbobsmammy mentions:
  @pastachick: 1 times
  @littlemunckin: 1 times
  @pinkpebs: 1 times
  @oldpostcards: 1 times
  @viewsnews: 1 times
  @braescotland: 1 times
  @kellyhopkins1: 1 times
  @karmachord: 1 times
cackleberrykids mentions:
  @SkoutTradeFair: 1 times
  @trifleshoppe: 1 times
riseupnow mentions:
  @: 1 times
mrsozanne mentions:
  @PeachiePoodle: 1 times
dbasulto mentions:
fresh2defjay mentions:
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @Fresh2DefJAY: 1 times
  @DebsSweet: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @micsolis: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
jonasmaaloe mentions:
  @fireland: 1 times
xceptn mentions:
  @jenkiaba: 1 times
catherineq mentions:
  @robnz: 1 times
  @waybis: 1 times
  @AstroDude: 1 times
hicihoney mentions:
tellybelly1 mentions:
  @ApatheticZodiac: 1 times
  @horsehealthrx: 1 times
  @TheLoneCowgirl: 1 times
  @4everequine: 1 times
  @Tncountrygal: 1 times
  @strawbrykiwi: 1 times
  @jennsmalls: 1 times
pocketpups mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @Vivapets: 1 times
  @RZebley: 1 times
  @PrezzyboxPets: 1 times
  @pennycat: 1 times
  @Amyt321: 1 times
  @McStina: 1 times
de_merde mentions:
  @michaonthemoon: 1 times
  @demerde: 1 times
theospark mentions:
  @Conservative: 1 times
  @usaDJ: 1 times
dijea mentions:
  @TimmySabre: 1 times
tigerlilysmials mentions:
  @jonholmes1: 1 times
  @MattRudd: 1 times
anaserrano mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @juancardila: 1 times
chazelite mentions:
  @choppers89: 1 times
aarrieta mentions:
  @lezorrillo: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
roojwright mentions:
  @IntraTeam: 1 times
  @KurtKragh: 1 times
  @intranet2: 1 times
  @cporco: 1 times
  @KrisRzepkowski: 1 times
  @carolyndouglas: 1 times
  @rachellai83: 1 times
aartist1 mentions:
  @earlylight333: 1 times
  @Aartist1: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
rachelb209 mentions:
  @katriord: 1 times
  @mousavi1388: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @changeforiran: 1 times
cutewfrustrated mentions:
  @delamare: 1 times
tweettagger mentions:
  @amp451: 1 times
pinktribble mentions:
  @lindsa: 1 times
  @I: 1 times
  @dont: 1 times
  @give: 1 times
  @a: 1 times
  @fuck: 1 times
  @who: 1 times
  @you: 1 times
  @follow: 1 times
richard_rn mentions:
  @blogomomma: 1 times
  @RosevilleRockLn: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
therealprman mentions:
502ms mentions:
  @BITT59: 1 times
twilightpoisone mentions:
  @veronikablack: 1 times
  @crepusculomeyer: 1 times
  @twilightpoisone: 1 times
spectoral mentions:
  @yellowgurlpoet: 1 times
kirrily mentions:
  @KahleeRose: 1 times
  @Neekatron: 1 times
  @ellamorton: 1 times
  @FeistyKel: 1 times
  @polkadotbride: 1 times
  @Mezhead: 1 times
  @Kirrily: 1 times
hneufeld mentions:
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @MsVeeVee: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @SlickTalkJ: 1 times
  @DemonFactory: 1 times
  @ChristianGuide: 1 times
  @redrobinrockn: 1 times
joshanstey mentions:
  @alanjlee: 1 times
  @JohnAnstey: 1 times
obaadepoju mentions:
  @Joshshawmusic: 1 times
  @soamazing0425: 1 times
  @Bubziie: 1 times
  @freakycurves: 1 times
  @LaCole87: 1 times
  @adesayoadenle: 1 times
  @monroejnicole: 1 times
  @mayluv1983: 1 times
  @Zwagger: 1 times
doodledawne mentions:
megahouse mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @TigerIce: 1 times
  @MEGAHOUSE: 1 times
  @YvonneTagbo: 1 times
  @DawnettaCorley: 1 times
  @PunkyTheSinger: 1 times
  @seventy5: 1 times
  @joeygiggles: 1 times
calamityjen mentions:
  @bolora: 1 times
hergracethecat mentions:
  @PepeBlackCat: 1 times
  @IcyCat: 1 times
gizmoalex mentions:
  @bolora: 1 times
cotterhue mentions:
  @Gapfillers: 1 times
  @burcuakyol: 1 times
  @dontspellesl: 1 times
  @TheEngTeacher: 1 times
  @chriscattaneo: 1 times
  @hollysuel: 1 times
ajdisse mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
cfimages mentions:
  @KeithKong: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
justjames_ mentions:
  @mmmgash: 1 times
blogyourworld mentions:
  @IMPatch: 1 times
  @Peterdrew: 1 times
  @DanaWillhoit: 1 times
captquestion mentions:
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @ledrew: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @jodymal: 1 times
  @HeartBeatRadio: 1 times
  @esthercsk: 1 times
pbelyeu mentions:
  @StressCommando: 1 times
georgezd mentions:
  @CricketAus: 1 times
cameronolivier mentions:
  @obox: 1 times
  @Othella: 1 times
  @antonea: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @larissameek: 1 times
  @adii: 1 times
girlopinion mentions:
  @SusanBoylesCat: 1 times
davidwumusic mentions:
  @Fringemunks: 1 times
kelvinyap mentions:
  @AusComePlay: 2 times
lostst mentions:
  @processrecess: 1 times
  @klue: 1 times
  @chispeak: 1 times
  @taolin: 1 times
  @hellobigfoot: 1 times
lilblackcherry mentions:
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @Salamandroid: 1 times
  @GSEyeDoctor: 1 times
  @Kahanka: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @sczepanski: 1 times
kasebeats mentions:
  @Jyeah: 1 times
  @Komaconner: 1 times
  @JBdoubleEtotheZ: 1 times
  @djsirvere: 1 times
  @MurdaMega: 1 times
  @EffDeffer: 1 times
  @Tyna04: 1 times
  @DjPenfold: 1 times
  @Mark833: 1 times
  @pakkzfulla135: 1 times
  @JoeTurksta: 1 times
skyekat mentions:
leafmonkey mentions:
  @mongabay: 1 times
stinson mentions:
  @BenRoss: 1 times
realsarah mentions:
  @knittybob: 1 times
patspeaks mentions:
  @StephanieFrank: 1 times
puriity mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
olepetter_9 mentions:
  @nicecap: 1 times
  @gjona: 1 times
  @Linguna: 1 times
  @andrikken: 1 times
  @ginabarstad: 1 times
ilikedogsbook mentions:
  @kszernec: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @Jeffersonstable: 1 times
agentv mentions:
  @LawrenceAugust: 1 times
alexthemagix mentions:
  @Veganluke: 1 times
trichology mentions:
  @iphreak: 1 times
aerithbloodmoon mentions:
  @Bak: 2 times
  @officialpeta: 1 times
fatcat_tw mentions:
  @milnjitefunnee: 1 times
  @mmting: 1 times
  @mimiscrew: 1 times
  @poooochu: 1 times
  @jesicalinThe: 1 times
jubanator14 mentions:
  @DwightHoward: 1 times
  @kevindurant35: 1 times
gopetfriendly mentions:
  @Loverofpets: 1 times
  @BonesDog: 1 times
  @GrandDogBakery: 1 times
  @grpetsupply: 1 times
  @dogtrainingnet: 1 times
  @woofcp: 1 times
  @sweetbaboo1979: 1 times
mnmissy mentions:
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @LeonardoZ: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @LoViLu: 1 times
gidyean mentions:
  @PeractoVida: 1 times
fredamooncotch mentions:
  @marshamaung: 1 times
  @FredaMooncotch: 1 times
vincedeon mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
customtees mentions:
  @DrewLive: 1 times
  @Beakin81: 1 times
  @edelr: 1 times
  @CustomTees: 1 times
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
  @GuiltyHands: 1 times
  @weshotthemoon: 1 times
  @EskimoJoeMusic: 1 times
  @katmunce: 1 times
cliffysmom mentions:
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
laurakennedy mentions:
  @divacoachdabney: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
feistykel mentions:
  @KahleeRose: 1 times
  @Neekatron: 1 times
  @ellamorton: 1 times
  @FeistyKel: 1 times
  @polkadotbride: 1 times
  @Mezhead: 1 times
  @Kirrily: 1 times
naymez mentions:
  @pakkzfulla135: 1 times
  @hitchcockjc: 1 times
  @bigzflygerian: 1 times
  @naymez: 1 times
  @funnytummy: 1 times
  @iambynoe: 1 times
  @MonstaG: 1 times
manikarthik mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
mphillibert mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @davidneagle: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
  @NaturalMaven: 1 times
  @DocNicole: 1 times
tweet4avon mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
sgoodin mentions:
  @SoiDogPhuket: 1 times
emilyryandavis mentions:
  @LeighRoyals: 2 times
  @briaquinlan: 1 times
  @YourNovel: 1 times
  @KatrinaStrauss: 1 times
victoriousvoice mentions:
  @thecreativepenn: 1 times
  @yarostarak: 1 times
kiloheavy mentions:
  @ComcastBonnie: 1 times
  @katherinefink: 1 times
helpyouwell mentions:
  @ApxPilates: 1 times
tripsntravels mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 2 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @coffeetablepoet: 1 times
coredata5 mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
tessaimee mentions:
  @WRDluxuryfollowfriday: 1 times
  @nikipaniki: 1 times
  @Sugadeaux: 1 times
  @andwhitebeach: 1 times
  @missgiggly: 1 times
  @missmelbourne: 1 times
shawna718 mentions:
  @texaseducation: 1 times
  @rosieandtheband: 1 times
  @shaggieshapiro: 1 times
yazzystar mentions:
  @TimmySabre: 1 times
lindawzup mentions:
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @LindaWzup: 1 times
  @candita: 1 times
  @biofriendlyblog: 1 times
  @interfaithforum: 1 times
  @showdownthe: 1 times
inoutaround mentions:
  @rww: 1 times
  @jeanlucr: 1 times
  @hnauheimer: 1 times
skodaoctavia mentions:
  @BILLROMANOS: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
joserusso mentions:
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
planethealer mentions:
  @levitanl: 1 times
guardwife mentions:
  @brookeburke: 1 times
  @DeltaWhiskey1: 1 times
  @publicrelations: 1 times
  @MistyHofstetter: 1 times
  @aCitizenSoldier: 1 times
  @ericjcox: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
plochman mentions:
  @hornerakg: 1 times
  @johanbruyneel: 1 times
  @TeamAstana: 1 times
allisonhornery mentions:
  @christopherhire: 1 times
brettfoster mentions:
  @cotygonzales: 1 times
  @thrivingink: 1 times
  @SirEuan: 1 times
  @regalclothing: 1 times
  @teextile: 1 times
  @teefury: 1 times
  @brettfoster: 1 times
nortonlimajr mentions:
  @GVale: 1 times
  @DeLuca: 1 times
  @tararipe: 1 times
  @flows: 1 times
  @thahy: 1 times
  @FlaviaGalindo: 1 times
  @wanfil: 1 times
  @yurileonardo: 1 times
  @DalPires: 1 times
  @leozeba: 1 times
  @Linamarina: 1 times
  @anaestela: 1 times
benjilovitt mentions:
  @hsabomilner: 1 times
  @ASoldiersMother: 1 times
  @gldmeier: 1 times
  @ffidler: 1 times
loverobear mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @RachelleLefevr: 1 times
babybitesnz mentions:
  @Muddkids: 1 times
  @CackleberryKids: 1 times
  @gigglesmile: 1 times
  @bellybeyond: 1 times
  @Trifle: 1 times
  @StyleCollective: 1 times
  @AgooAustralia: 1 times
  @LittlePearls: 1 times
  @CherryMagOz: 1 times
drew_live mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @cherry4ya: 1 times
lisalr1 mentions:
  @AlexsLemonade: 2 times
grahamdbrown mentions:
  @bretbernhoft: 1 times
justmarriedus mentions:
  @loveandgluttony: 1 times
annapapij mentions:
  @ultrarunnergirl: 1 times
  @DCrunnergrrl: 1 times
  @BarefootTed: 1 times
  @fitnessorgau: 1 times
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
thephilosopher1 mentions:
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
  @sczepanski: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @malach126: 1 times
  @Josette78: 1 times
souravghosh mentions:
  @KiyosakiRobertAuthor: 1 times
  @DonaldJTrump: 1 times
gaio_cruz mentions:
  @galantini: 1 times
  @daniluxo: 1 times
annarina mentions:
  @nikazwaa: 1 times
  @prakashdaniel: 1 times
  @ena: 1 times
  @visithra: 1 times
  @abbylatif: 1 times
deemarief mentions:
  @ChazGfxDesigner: 1 times
  @janemeade: 1 times
  @lorimoreno: 1 times
  @DondiScumaci: 1 times
holmie mentions:
  @smshk: 1 times
  @NikkiLav: 1 times
  @nemesisgy: 1 times
  @richarddeyes: 1 times
  @Ah0iBraus3: 1 times
  @gjona: 1 times
mab397 mentions:
  @sydneysider: 1 times
  @7daysinsydney: 1 times
oslevados mentions:
  @joselucaseita: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
  @mauriciodesousa: 1 times
  @antiambiente: 1 times
  @omelete: 1 times
  @flafaisal: 1 times
  @miosote: 1 times
  @mundicohq: 1 times
  @fabiociccone: 1 times
  @eliasera: 1 times
rebeccasexton mentions:
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @RebeccaSexton: 1 times
reelsmart mentions:
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @being: 1 times
  @gilcarvr: 1 times
  @MajoratWH: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @reelsmart: 1 times
laquesefue mentions:
  @pixteca: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
deepwaterscoach mentions:
kat_taf mentions:
badst_8139 mentions:
  @vashtimckenzie: 1 times
  @PastorYolanda: 1 times
  @LadyDivine7: 1 times
  @Deltavogue: 1 times
  @deltaladytoday: 1 times
zafka mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
larissabontempi mentions:
  @novalanguages: 1 times
  @pracaba: 1 times
  @murilloscg: 1 times
  @mxrcelo: 1 times
  @williangssp: 1 times
  @deuses: 1 times
  @contracapa: 1 times
  @brunnob: 1 times
drpaula13 mentions:
  @alroker: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @Shamu: 1 times
  @SaraChilders: 1 times
  @GoFetchGifts: 1 times
  @wfaposn: 1 times
  @langfordperry: 1 times
  @MarthaStewart: 1 times
  @secondpower: 1 times
stevepohlit mentions:
  @xeduarda: 1 times
  @stevepohlit: 1 times
djtrend mentions:
  @bradmantv: 1 times
andy_lima mentions:
  @cmagnoss: 1 times
  @djneeto: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @Tockaos: 1 times
  @melksabino: 1 times
  @Thamyrez: 1 times
  @oAdvogado: 1 times
  @uncleansama: 1 times
  @H4k3rT33n: 1 times
  @beliveee: 1 times
  @andycyeah: 1 times
gabfran mentions:
  @tiakipilates: 1 times
night_shift_doc mentions:
  @dietcentral: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @ashpfoundation: 1 times
  @joeymattingly: 1 times
  @nightshiftdoc: 1 times
  @MaryAndrawis: 1 times
fcandle mentions:
  @webaddict: 1 times
  @earthxplorer: 1 times
  @aussiecynic: 1 times
  @austinmeyer: 1 times
ronniemintz mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @windowsot: 1 times
shriza mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
kelvinringold mentions:
  @RobertHay: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @kelvinringold: 1 times
  @CoachCharrise: 1 times
issapaz mentions:
  @fiiii: 1 times
  @dorisfr: 1 times
  @linkninja: 1 times
  @evanescencegirl: 1 times
  @bruxharris: 1 times
  @zichtl: 1 times
  @Kekinhaleal: 1 times
  @victorfranco: 1 times
royalshortness mentions:
  @andychin: 2 times
  @louispang: 1 times
tinytexan mentions:
  @oliosca: 1 times
  @tinytexan: 1 times
  @unurth: 1 times
  @Therealjsin: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @cheekychen: 1 times
  @heltershelter: 1 times
  @modbird: 1 times
  @anthonywright: 1 times
  @UrbanDecorSue: 1 times
indymike mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @JET739: 1 times
  @indymike: 1 times
  @CandiceStone: 1 times
tallchicknvegas mentions:
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @ActivDefiance84: 1 times
  @DeepVision: 1 times
  @msmeshelle: 1 times
  @ricksanchezcnn: 1 times
  @AllMyChildren: 1 times
  @KevinDeSoto: 1 times
  @RichardOn: 1 times
marlabelson mentions:
  @jamespitt: 1 times
  @KevJaffray: 1 times
  @FunnyJoker: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @tomlopy: 1 times
  @CzarOfCzarcasm: 1 times
  @lindajhutchinso: 1 times
  @SalesBlogcast: 1 times
mikelinder mentions:
  @multimediadiva: 2 times
  @MikeLinder: 1 times
kaushal mentions:
  @punkpolkadots: 1 times
  @unitechy: 1 times
cooldogsites mentions:
  @coolpetsites: 1 times
  @coolcatsites: 1 times
  @handmadegifts: 1 times
  @unkamengifts: 1 times
  @jgoode: 1 times
  @lesrubadesigns: 1 times
  @coolcraftsites: 1 times
  @coolbutterflies: 1 times
cindyoyo mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
mobileroyale mentions:
  @NokiaUsers: 1 times
  @AAS: 1 times
  @nokconv: 1 times
  @symbian: 1 times
  @nokiabetalabs: 1 times
forwardsteps mentions:
dreamwalker4207 mentions:
  @butterflykisser: 1 times
  @DreamWalker4207: 1 times
  @howard74: 1 times
  @EdenSol: 1 times
  @KeithDriscoll: 1 times
  @wayrustic: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
ndrewc mentions:
febiandi mentions:
  @alexabimanyu: 1 times
  @dindashimmerinc: 1 times
  @speakerexchange: 1 times
  @renecc: 1 times
  @larasati: 1 times
  @dondihananto: 1 times
  @mrshananto: 1 times
  @amallavesta: 1 times
  @avigayildamm: 1 times
carece mentions:
  @RommelCali: 1 times
jjohnson2 mentions:
scrubzbody mentions:
  @arnteriksena: 1 times
nikkimoff mentions:
  @30dollardate: 1 times
  @miafreedman: 1 times
ctk1 mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
debrah6 mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
whitsundays mentions:
  @johnzajaros: 1 times
  @jonmay: 1 times
  @nomisruption: 1 times
  @ausi1: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @ASEVIDEO: 1 times
  @bloggeridea: 1 times
mrmartye mentions:
  @rockon365: 1 times
  @mrmartye: 1 times
  @talismandrummer: 1 times
mandycp mentions:
  @mumbleguy: 1 times
  @brightondoll: 1 times
  @princessherb: 1 times
  @shanzer22: 1 times
  @venusflesh: 1 times
  @VaginaDrum: 1 times
  @inktip: 1 times
  @fearstrikes: 1 times
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
rtpolitics mentions:
  @positivematt: 1 times
  @giftofthefab: 1 times
  @smithsky1979: 1 times
print2green mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
curt8888 mentions:
  @ProductionBoys: 1 times
  @imfordogs: 1 times
meloearth mentions:
  @CatMandu: 1 times
  @pramitjnathan: 1 times
  @motivation: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @magicmuse: 1 times
  @zenjava: 1 times
  @vitaminb12patch: 1 times
  @AngiesList: 1 times
inigral mentions:
  @ScottKilmer: 1 times
  @JasonGroves: 1 times
  @DianeCMcDonald: 1 times
  @MelissaEzarik: 1 times
  @bradjward: 1 times
  @emmyloop: 1 times
  @mpstaton: 1 times
  @zanders: 1 times
  @klangdon: 1 times
brisbaneblog mentions:
  @612Brisbane: 1 times
janetbeckers mentions:
  @Momspective: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @janetbeckers: 1 times
  @HeARTwork: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
blkwydow mentions:
  @manifestmmind: 1 times
  @journalismnews: 1 times
  @AmazingMoney: 1 times
  @faveme: 1 times
  @broadbandGNRL: 1 times
  @TheFifthDriver: 1 times
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @ContractHire: 1 times
  @howard74: 1 times
kirsty_wilson mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @girlstoys: 1 times
pinkalici0us mentions:
  @alistairpaul: 1 times
  @zeenius: 1 times
  @12Vspotlight: 1 times
  @djmemories: 1 times
  @DeepvisionFL: 1 times
  @dollsoflace: 1 times
  @PeterMurphy: 1 times
  @DJERICDRAVEN: 1 times
  @j0shsanch3z: 1 times
ydgreenville mentions:
  @JohnTynanV: 1 times
  @JilLittlejohn: 1 times
  @JamesAkersJr: 1 times
  @PRabon: 1 times
  @JagJoe: 1 times
nolies4me mentions:
  @jeffallen12: 1 times
  @dougjumper: 1 times
jamescoe mentions:
  @Noitworld: 1 times
  @logonmoon: 1 times
  @lunarwitch: 1 times
  @jamescoe: 1 times
  @CatherineZahrah: 1 times
kittenspawn mentions:
  @Morrigan: 1 times
meaganshea mentions:
  @tishushu: 1 times
  @teavana: 1 times
b_fed mentions:
  @bfed: 2 times
  @t1theinfamous: 1 times
  @cassyclaire: 1 times
  @haleywayne: 1 times
  @misschelseat: 1 times
  @cryscoinz: 1 times
  @mbled54: 1 times
  @amaron: 1 times
  @BFED: 1 times
lucinda_jones mentions:
  @girlsugar: 1 times
  @IAmTiasia: 1 times
  @lovestoned420: 1 times
  @Lucindajones: 1 times
believesulli mentions:
  @web2marketer: 1 times
  @JimBerry: 1 times
  @MikePaetzold: 1 times
  @iberbiz: 1 times
  @LucLafleche: 1 times
  @USNretired: 1 times
  @follerme: 1 times
  @SocialMediaRule: 1 times
mylapa mentions:
  @LORISF: 1 times
dudeman718_jail mentions:
  @ShellyKramer: 1 times
ms_scarlet mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
  @KellyShibari: 1 times
  @ZedalzaNewYork: 1 times
  @StacieTheWicked: 1 times
  @mensdomain: 1 times
amorspesfides mentions:
  @clicktokill: 1 times
  @jintonic: 1 times
ir8 mentions:
  @cinnamonflower: 1 times
  @mklopez: 1 times
  @thedudedean: 1 times
  @ir8: 1 times
  @learwbc: 1 times
  @MoreWillie: 1 times
  @vicequeenmaria: 1 times
sylars_angels mentions:
  @AliceShaw26: 1 times
  @AngelaPetrelli: 1 times
  @mattparkman: 1 times
josephlane mentions:
  @raveslut: 1 times
cmbsweden mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @slbbw: 1 times
  @MzLaffy: 1 times
  @AshleyLen: 1 times
  @bkdodgr: 1 times
  @Cannabag: 1 times
  @ChrisOnAir: 1 times
  @kevinwildes: 1 times
  @Gladwell: 1 times
mdothersh mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
dankott mentions:
  @RugbyJones: 1 times
  @bayside747: 1 times
  @CapriMirjam: 1 times
  @ttPoet: 1 times
  @izka2: 1 times
  @joshkrajnak: 1 times
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @saifai: 1 times
  @dankarleen: 1 times
  @babysbreath17: 1 times
  @kottmomma: 1 times
chiefrentageek mentions:
  @cowanchef: 1 times
sessionsfan mentions:
  @jbaker50: 1 times
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @crazycatkid: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @politicalcrunch: 1 times
blakemiles mentions:
  @amyscottgrant: 1 times
alexisrudman mentions:
  @cleschyshyn: 1 times
  @legaultphil: 1 times
  @realsidney87: 1 times
  @realgeno71: 1 times
  @hockeybarn: 1 times
  @LeafspaceMonika: 1 times
  @HilaryADuff: 1 times
  @sbnhockey: 1 times
  @7thWoman: 1 times
wawanz mentions:
  @markohatma: 1 times
  @tinakei: 1 times
renlay mentions:
  @palafo: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
dgreetings mentions:
  @n4cer: 1 times
  @dgreetings: 1 times
frazledmwcn mentions:
  @jax246: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @skipinc: 1 times
  @mariankearmywf: 2 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
bigdoggusman mentions:
rogerhamilton mentions:
  @ducttape: 1 times
  @jackwelch: 1 times
  @DanielPink: 1 times
  @tferriss: 1 times
  @AuthorDavidBach: 1 times
  @chr1sa: 1 times
  @mrfire: 1 times
  @DeepakChopra: 1 times
aogent mentions:
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @straytogether: 1 times
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @gmtomko: 1 times
  @twinklestarzz: 1 times
  @hootsboots: 1 times
  @LoieBoy: 1 times
  @glueazy: 1 times
  @AOGENT: 1 times
  @Bloss90: 1 times
  @NayBizz: 1 times
avalanchelynn mentions:
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @belindaang: 1 times
  @wahliaodotcom: 1 times
joan_64 mentions:
  @malakhithegift: 1 times
  @georgewezsley: 1 times
  @jktunes: 1 times
  @imeeM: 1 times
  @Triplebeamsheme: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
dhannifin mentions:
  @markmeyer: 1 times
andie86 mentions:
  @treehousegroup: 1 times
  @thenfb: 1 times
  @pridetoronto: 1 times
  @food4health: 1 times
  @sensingarch: 1 times
  @cdnorman: 1 times
  @foodcycles: 1 times
  @mokag: 1 times
mark_sofla mentions:
  @benjilovitt: 1 times
  @ASoldiersMother: 1 times
donnette mentions:
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @SingleDadLife: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @gloxpolguard: 1 times
  @Enchantedheart: 1 times
  @marley1964: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
healtheugene mentions:
  @maureenmfarrell: 1 times
abtony mentions:
  @javashri: 1 times
  @infectedsoul: 1 times
  @radha: 1 times
  @polka: 1 times
  @Lhjunkie: 1 times
  @shivaranjan: 1 times
  @manipillai: 1 times
  @far1983: 1 times
  @narayananh: 1 times
rohinkallat mentions:
  @flipbooks: 1 times
thekencook mentions:
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @thekencook: 1 times
  @TEEITHIGH: 1 times
  @Politicalrn: 1 times
  @jasoncrouch: 1 times
  @fourstringfuror: 1 times
  @WealthForYou: 1 times
  @soundzdj: 1 times
phildawwg mentions:
  @samsonmusic: 1 times
  @passionpit: 1 times
  @harlemshakes: 1 times
  @nxnee: 1 times
  @forestcitylovrs: 1 times
  @cbcradio3: 1 times
dmonzel mentions:
  @chazdrums: 1 times
twinklestarzz mentions:
  @jayecane: 2 times
  @SlimNash: 2 times
  @MaalDendoe@EdERuger: 1 times
  @candygirl0718: 1 times
  @twinklestarzz: 1 times
  @JBZDOTCOM: 1 times
  @BFochs: 1 times
operationcarbon mentions:
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @JackieSavitz: 1 times
  @MrTop8: 1 times
  @itsshashank: 1 times
  @redwoodma: 1 times
  @anomdesignMore: 1 times
  @matthunter: 1 times
  @toyotagladstone: 1 times
  @lostbull: 1 times
naybizz mentions:
  @twinklestarzz: 1 times
  @AOGENT: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @straytogether: 1 times
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @gmtomko: 1 times
  @hootsboots: 1 times
  @NayBizz: 1 times
faazon mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
bbctravelalert mentions:
  @5livetravel: 1 times
michetravi mentions:
  @zafka: 1 times
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
hombreharmonica mentions:
  @languagelive: 1 times
hovitosway35 mentions:
  @triniscorpio29: 1 times
siskita mentions:
  @kaythepal: 1 times
wfaposn mentions:
  @AustinCreed: 1 times
  @facdaniels: 1 times
  @ShowtimeEY: 1 times
madforart mentions:
  @ursoulsis: 1 times
mister_82 mentions:
  @triniscorpio29: 1 times
  @ThIcKLiKeMuDD: 1 times
metajonathan mentions:
  @ericmbell: 1 times
  @rondavies: 1 times
  @susanpreston: 1 times
  @davidpreston: 1 times
  @themorganizer: 1 times
  @franksousa: 1 times
  @coolsi: 1 times
glueazy mentions:
  @ItsIMANIrose: 1 times
  @ALESHABELL: 1 times
  @RABBITAKAJRICH: 1 times
  @ModelAlishaTran: 1 times
  @KeitaEden: 1 times
  @Glueazy: 1 times
  @aogent: 1 times
  @trillprincess: 1 times
  @DeviDev: 1 times
  @SoCalVixen: 1 times
tallivansunder mentions:
  @gotflax: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @jamesdurham: 1 times
idmacman mentions:
  @jenbishopsydney: 1 times
slerner mentions:
  @ASoldiersMother: 1 times
  @HilzFuld: 1 times
chriscattaneo mentions:
  @Larryferlazzo: 1 times
  @tomwhitby: 1 times
  @englishteach8: 1 times
  @jodylo: 1 times
  @daylemajor: 1 times
  @chuckholland: 1 times
  @kalinagoenglish: 1 times
seaslife mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @FoodRenegade: 1 times
  @Cheeseslave: 1 times
  @KitchenKop: 1 times
  @stashtea: 1 times
  @obamafoodorama: 1 times
  @squawkfox: 1 times
  @cookingupastory: 1 times
  @herbmentor: 1 times
monikalohmann mentions:
  @Lachtrainer: 1 times
  @H2Otweet: 1 times
crazymeezer mentions:
  @staceybear: 1 times
  @helesbells: 1 times
fleurybanery mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
mikedammann mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @Catnboots: 1 times
  @jo48bu: 1 times
  @pinwheelgirl: 1 times
  @TexKiss: 1 times
  @bobgarrett: 1 times
  @DrFernKazlow: 1 times
  @RebeccaLange: 1 times
  @TomVMorris: 1 times
trustinside mentions:
  @paulsteele: 1 times
  @SimonBishop: 1 times
  @juliansimpson: 1 times
govkainebrow mentions:
  @gbmiii: 1 times
sha_babii mentions:
  @DuoTangProdFollowFriday: 1 times
  @swiftkid: 1 times
  @jaztwitta: 1 times
  @ShaBabii: 1 times
  @brweyeddollface: 1 times
  @NewBeatPoet: 1 times
  @ShantelleFamous: 1 times
  @realrenaissance: 1 times
  @spendilove: 1 times
keithblackburn mentions:
detonatr mentions:
  @Portlande: 1 times
  @drawingablank: 1 times
  @bidyyy: 1 times
  @Weenus: 1 times
  @SirScoots: 1 times
  @EvilGeniuses: 1 times
adapaavi mentions:
  @abtony: 1 times
  @adapaavi: 1 times
nato_news mentions:
  @NATOACT: 1 times
  @AFGMatters: 1 times
  @ISAFmedia: 1 times
  @SHAPEACOPAO: 1 times
  @rumoverijse: 1 times
wsredneck mentions:
  @chasemommy: 1 times
  @cynthia2054: 1 times
  @TwitsNtwats: 1 times
  @BermanPost: 1 times
  @JoAnneMoretti: 1 times
  @southsalem: 1 times
  @michaelheiniger: 1 times
  @Obamapocalypse: 1 times
  @Bernastar: 1 times
kandymagazine mentions:
  @therockstar76: 1 times
  @dcvip: 1 times
  @LegitBeats: 1 times
  @marieferow: 1 times
  @kandymagazine: 1 times
mschieck mentions:
  @singledout: 1 times
  @myriss: 1 times
  @FoXMuLD3R: 1 times
  @Ariadnejacques: 1 times
  @alesscar: 1 times
  @fellipevernon: 1 times
  @gpavoni: 1 times
  @StopAhmadi: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @arles: 1 times
navohnjayms mentions:
  @navohnjayms: 1 times
rbastien mentions:
  @Worditup: 1 times
  @donJamokie: 1 times
drharvey mentions:
  @qutequte: 1 times
ebayomaniac mentions:
  @CHawkings: 1 times
  @PaulaJeans: 1 times
  @AffilEbaya: 1 times
  @kgoldrajch: 1 times
  @prepyslim: 1 times
  @jeanellison: 1 times
  @xWALTERx: 1 times
  @lovemontreal: 1 times
  @lucrecita: 1 times
  @Mojoballzy: 1 times
in_stock mentions:
  @ForBabyWithLove: 1 times
  @LilRedCottage: 1 times
katepickle mentions:
  @pickleberrypop: 1 times
tycoonboo mentions:
  @0Frank: 1 times
  @Lenaistewart: 1 times
  @Moekelsak: 1 times
  @impollyanna: 1 times
  @missylbee: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
rebeccawriting mentions:
  @Jenna732: 1 times
lissbombs mentions:
  @Brooksyonair: 1 times
shayneloveless mentions:
  @dancingriku: 1 times
  @salterplaceluvr: 1 times
  @danbali: 1 times
  @jakeashley: 1 times
  @michaelellington: 1 times
justsay mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
army_wife4life mentions:
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @HundeerziehungRT: 1 times
  @VolkerLehmann: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @ArmyWife4Life: 1 times
  @jax246: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
whodeani mentions:
  @SusanPAus: 1 times
  @watto36: 1 times
  @jrodz1: 1 times
  @diegohuerta: 1 times
  @sharonelin: 1 times
  @SocialMediaMC: 1 times
ryanrain mentions:
  @trefoil: 1 times
  @PinkMoccasin: 1 times
  @Sunday28: 1 times
  @TH3Operative: 1 times
clippercutqueen mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 2 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @Mamacapps: 1 times
  @ciaobella50: 1 times
  @derekcollins79: 1 times
  @brentcollins: 1 times
flexo mentions:
  @prgully: 1 times
  @mattkrantz: 1 times
  @quickentodd: 1 times
  @rumford: 1 times
  @ttaxchristine: 1 times
  @flexo: 1 times
  @tbuck15: 1 times
  @tayzonday: 1 times
theabundantgift mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
  @ForeverUK: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @missiondiary: 1 times
skillzdakidd mentions:
  @breezyfeen: 1 times
  @beemason: 1 times
  @classyndfab: 1 times
  @freshyungfrost: 1 times
  @thehoodnerd: 1 times
  @chelszzz: 1 times
  @swaqqsoosiqk: 1 times
  @canishine: 1 times
  @lsnowflake: 1 times
imastertechniq mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @mojoatelier: 1 times
  @Knottienature: 1 times
  @Ancoti: 1 times
  @mamacooks: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
  @walkerofcrags: 1 times
  @Gojesuschrist: 1 times
  @wecomparebo: 1 times
familygamer mentions:
  @gameonnintendo: 1 times
  @hydeandgeek: 1 times
  @85alex: 1 times
  @gbfans: 1 times
  @namconetworks: 1 times
  @TecmoGames: 1 times
  @Jugzwei: 1 times
  @videogametweets: 1 times
  @gamecampathens: 1 times
  @GamerDeals: 1 times
zuppaholic mentions:
  @diseaseaday: 1 times
  @boldbrunette: 1 times
  @BretMcCormick: 1 times
macmaniacs mentions:
equanimityimage mentions:
  @pfellas: 1 times
dudu_suarez mentions:
  @pedrotourinho: 1 times
  @joviano: 1 times
hbbistro mentions:
  @ourshout: 1 times
  @swanstonhotel: 1 times
  @HotelCarltonSF: 1 times
  @magillamax: 1 times
  @hbbistro: 1 times
  @Currantsd: 1 times
johnhoudi mentions:
  @charliecaper: 1 times
  @DanneKarlsson: 1 times
  @helgetry: 1 times
  @GoranStrandberg: 1 times
  @TomasBlomberg: 1 times
  @AndersModen: 1 times
  @CarlTillenius: 1 times
babygirlndallas mentions:
lea2hvn mentions:
  @paulagroenink: 1 times
  @Hetty4Christ: 1 times
  @flying: 1 times
  @JasonCurlee: 1 times
  @r: 1 times
anton_maksimov mentions:
  @beautyolya: 1 times
  @dmarkov: 1 times
damir mentions:
pillpushera mentions:
  @bunnykins2: 1 times
  @grannypig: 1 times
  @cHuMeee@Gracemonzel: 1 times
  @Ritabby: 1 times
  @angelbear7: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sumal mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @sumal: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @mitchm: 1 times
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @CongestedChi: 1 times
  @zaneology: 1 times
  @adriand1: 1 times
  @AllenonBlackSea: 1 times
jordanm11 mentions:
  @faylemarquand: 1 times
agentdragonfly mentions:
  @sheblobbers: 1 times
  @ogladi: 1 times
  @al999: 1 times
  @jesi76082: 1 times
  @awflutterby: 1 times
  @IVanessaR: 1 times
  @ChiNurse: 1 times
  @CherryRoomore: 1 times
red_devil11 mentions:
  @morganpressel: 1 times
  @nataliegulbis: 1 times
  @stewartcink: 1 times
  @themichellewie: 1 times
  @TheChristinaKim: 1 times
bricklv mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @StatiK99: 1 times
  @judithbailey: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @GarinKilpat: 1 times
  @bricklv: 1 times
revegas mentions:
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @evliving: 1 times
aquicknote mentions:
  @susangregg: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @rossweber: 1 times
  @PilonBignell: 1 times
  @aquicknote: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @Tbonephoto: 1 times
  @azandiaMJBB: 1 times
  @teespree: 1 times
hollis333 mentions:
  @BeckiS: 1 times
  @georgr: 1 times
  @DanNewcomer: 1 times
  @quotesnack: 1 times
  @Hollis333: 1 times
  @familyonabike: 1 times
  @SonnyTuesday: 1 times
  @killerwebsinfo: 1 times
l_wil50n mentions:
  @BigSexyMatt: 1 times
  @jaydinefoleyyy: 1 times
bobbiedc mentions:
  @THEsaragilbert: 1 times
  @accesshollywood: 1 times
  @valebrity: 1 times
  @jtimberlake: 1 times
  @shaneheadboy: 1 times
  @MSomerville: 1 times
priyankarocks mentions:
  @nirajb: 1 times
  @bsindia: 1 times
elkescheffler mentions:
  @Coachforyou: 1 times
  @ElkeScheffler: 1 times
  @LaBelleCosmetic: 1 times
  @kairosZedtlitz: 1 times
  @BoyOrGirl: 1 times
  @SAINTEBEAUTE: 1 times
  @creativlive: 1 times
doobie77 mentions:
infosgeek mentions:
shellspliethof mentions:
  @JackiePurnell: 1 times
  @shellspliethof: 1 times
dizzydmoney1 mentions:
  @wayaboveaverage: 1 times
  @iamakeem: 1 times
  @hungrykinfolk: 1 times
  @yesLAURENyesyes: 1 times
  @FayeBags: 1 times
  @fefe1313: 1 times
  @Tobtuff: 1 times
  @HeartBreakidJB: 1 times
  @JaZZiiASiWaNNaB: 1 times
junebuggg mentions:
  @DizzyDmoney1: 1 times
  @Xavier1989: 1 times
  @BeautifulCraftt: 1 times
  @junebuggg: 1 times
  @mysszp: 1 times
  @Kasha21: 1 times
  @igobynay: 1 times
  @BOMBkid: 1 times
  @MiKKA25: 1 times
  @rgaines25: 1 times
  @ilyxnorm: 1 times
girlj67 mentions:
  @CanadaBanana: 1 times
  @DavidKaufer: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @nextradrealtyme: 1 times
  @KNUSEE: 1 times
darrenroberts mentions:
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @heathermaexoxo: 1 times
  @sarahweissman: 1 times
  @LianaBNana: 1 times
  @Dameunited: 1 times
  @diddlysquit: 1 times
freemeditate mentions:
  @divinecontact: 1 times
losangelescity mentions:
  @adthomas3: 1 times
  @theurbanpoll: 1 times
  @mel2020: 1 times
  @godinezqueen: 1 times
  @LosAngelesCi: 1 times
brojero mentions:
  @blackliq: 1 times
  @gaminegirlie: 1 times
  @coachiyabo: 1 times
  @theKatalist: 1 times
  @emeagwali: 1 times
  @lordlike: 1 times
no_gimmicks mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
mrkraftsingles mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sankofa1214 mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
lexxxruger mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
eddiemcbride mentions:
  @pembsdave: 1 times
  @childrenstrust: 1 times
riptovip mentions:
  @riptovip: 1 times
muziklover26x mentions:
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @SedityxBarbie: 1 times
  @TheTroubleMan: 1 times
  @realadulttalk: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
  @lovelygirl99: 1 times
  @EdWorksAcademy: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
sharij01 mentions:
  @JustANurse: 1 times
  @retiredtopo: 1 times
  @SplashVaFashnWk: 1 times
  @Beanies4Baghdad: 1 times
  @MsMarti: 1 times
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
  @NavyNews: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
heidi_v34 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @rachellelefevr: 1 times
  @billybURKE: 1 times
pirat4ka mentions:
  @cfritzsche: 1 times
  @schrozberg: 1 times
  @insideX: 1 times
  @Inte: 1 times
  @tauss: 1 times
  @twitgeridoo: 1 times
  @timpritlove: 1 times
  @martinhaase: 1 times
  @netzpolitik: 1 times
swivelsweeper mentions:
  @avmaster: 1 times
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @lhcnatalie: 1 times
  @donnalendzyk: 1 times
  @4NorthCarolina: 1 times
  @SwivelSweeper: 1 times
  @TheDeliverer: 1 times
kindermode mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @Kindermode: 1 times
  @addictvoice: 1 times
  @argcompo: 1 times
  @pyangt: 1 times
ioan_said mentions:
  @bobdrake: 1 times
  @spygun: 1 times
  @poutyjoe: 1 times
  @daibach: 1 times
  @garethslee: 1 times
  @IoanSaid: 1 times
  @harryadams: 1 times
  @janevans35: 1 times
lotay mentions:
  @michaelpilla: 1 times
  @NewMediaVault: 1 times
  @lotay: 1 times
  @heathermeeker: 1 times
  @llangit: 1 times
  @1timstreet: 1 times
  @pubclubette: 1 times
  @awonderland: 1 times
lanaclevermomme mentions:
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
gerrigee mentions:
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @TheGrimWeeder: 1 times
  @Tomas57: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
_crc_ mentions:
  @BeateMacPack311: 1 times
  @CrC: 1 times
dianetate mentions:
docgoy mentions:
  @manfred1234: 1 times
  @toskana: 1 times
  @Sanny2405: 1 times
  @zehnbar: 1 times
  @laramarco: 1 times
oliverkukulka mentions:
  @AllesRoger: 1 times
  @FrauElise: 1 times
  @CarmenHentschel: 1 times
janssonfredrik mentions:
  @bastholm: 1 times
  @gredge: 1 times
  @huworks: 1 times
  @iaintait: 1 times
  @ecomoliterno: 1 times
xxxgrafikart mentions:
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @Sharpeshots: 1 times
  @HUGONATOR: 1 times
  @johnchatman: 1 times
  @KasiaRachfall: 1 times
  @DealsNCoupons: 1 times
  @RetroRazzle: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
redangelnxtdoor mentions:
  @Dpek: 1 times
  @AndyBurton: 1 times
  @TheLifeGym: 1 times
  @DaveMalby: 1 times
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @JosephBrady: 1 times
  @jus: 1 times
totallygaia mentions:
  @: 1 times
siunlite mentions:
  @Armandin: 1 times
  @ecastillo: 1 times
  @enred2diverti2: 1 times
  @ericcca: 1 times
  @icep4ck: 1 times
  @iviyas: 1 times
  @Piroshi: 1 times
  @SoldadoWings: 1 times
scottwgraves mentions:
  @ChadTEverson: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @billyhallowell: 1 times
  @daltonsbriefs: 1 times
  @chuckdevore: 1 times
seeu_everywhere mentions:
  @iPolitics: 1 times
  @savelife: 1 times
loieboy mentions:
  @totallygaia: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
timbe2 mentions:
  @mhelvey: 1 times
  @timbe2: 1 times
erockefeller mentions:
  @bacieabbracci: 2 times
  @MalaysiaNow: 1 times
  @erockefeller: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
mmstud mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @EverywhereTrip: 1 times
  @TheRudeTypist: 1 times
  @TinaSparby: 1 times
  @Nuzzie: 1 times
  @MichaelMillman: 1 times
  @punky07: 1 times
  @OneVibrantMama: 1 times
  @CarinaK: 1 times
therealbeltane mentions:
  @KyleHase: 2 times
mountainkat mentions:
  @alliewayfilms: 1 times
retrokissing mentions:
  @loveisonitsway: 1 times
  @thesweeteclipse: 1 times
singlesnetcom mentions:
  @RichRosdal: 1 times
  @BostonPatriot: 1 times
  @paulstachel: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @wildpetals: 1 times
  @spectrummother: 1 times
yaboynezzo mentions:
  @straytogether: 6 times
y_c_monkey mentions:
  @execva: 1 times
sd751202 mentions:
  @sd751202: 1 times
  @newsbiscuit: 1 times
  @Cultsha: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
  @greebo1: 1 times
teamhuntress mentions:
  @guitarmantoo: 1 times
  @surfandsheds: 1 times
xpetitlapinxx mentions:
  @WilliamLape: 1 times
  @MigFer711: 1 times
  @chad420: 1 times
  @causticbob: 1 times
  @Kissable88: 1 times
  @NY27: 1 times
  @sormaus: 1 times
  @devindaiquiri: 1 times
  @bostoncrisis: 1 times
  @jjokeefe: 1 times
lilithclaire mentions:
  @RickyBee: 1 times
  @EliseHarris: 1 times
macgeeky mentions:
  @lunken: 1 times
tracylatz mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
al_fierce mentions:
  @actingblack: 1 times
  @kchasesimmons: 1 times
  @TyrieBrownRW18: 1 times
  @iJuslisen: 1 times
  @MagnumDollars: 1 times
  @lilmo4ever: 1 times
  @MariahCarey: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @WhatsTheT: 1 times
kiefer54 mentions:
  @jimmymarsh617: 1 times
  @ebassman: 1 times
  @CrC: 1 times
  @youngq: 1 times
  @davynathan: 1 times
  @dannywood: 1 times
  @jordanknight: 1 times
  @donniewahlberg: 1 times
  @joeymcintyre: 1 times
  @jonathanrknight: 1 times
petehopkins mentions:
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @scottbryant: 1 times
  @petehopkins: 1 times
kingfamily mentions:
  @diddlysquit: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @Brent007: 1 times
  @RDBONES: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @TaeKwonDoNutter: 1 times
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @SmilerSarah2009: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
logunov mentions:
  @webresident: 1 times
  @uksius: 1 times
  @blindmonk: 1 times
  @sokuz: 1 times
  @omally13: 1 times
  @Zelenov: 1 times
  @vadimutkin: 1 times
  @marillin: 1 times
  @VirDJil: 1 times
  @Bahtin: 1 times
levischmautz mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @Morrica: 1 times
  @levischmautz: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @toptentopten: 1 times
  @The42ndEstate: 1 times
  @OSA23: 1 times
journeyjottings mentions:
  @Allyxwithlove: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @jasonmraz: 1 times
  @JourneyJottings: 1 times
  @HollyJane: 1 times
reviewsguru mentions:
  @moonbridgebooks: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @AmyLaRee: 1 times
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
  @robinlow: 1 times
  @8gen: 1 times
chantelsabadone mentions:
  @VivaLaBlackGrl: 1 times
  @ChantelsABadONe: 1 times
  @5thAveP: 1 times
  @CoCoButter32: 1 times
  @AyyDizzy: 1 times
  @BiffLawson: 1 times
  @SoulikeDarkSkin: 1 times
  @PumpkiinBaybeeX: 1 times
ncosta24 mentions:
  @Martasta: 1 times
  @dvalente: 1 times
  @olinda: 1 times
  @annapires: 1 times
  @AscensoSimoes: 1 times
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
hansterhurne mentions:
  @flakacruising: 1 times
  @artkids: 1 times
  @NetworkerMarco: 1 times
  @woepwoep: 1 times
  @sibren: 1 times
  @richardderwentC: 1 times
marc2503 mentions:
  @BettyWritealot: 1 times
  @fotogravizer: 1 times
carolespiers mentions:
natcordeaux mentions:
gumsminis mentions:
  @RawFoodNation: 2 times
hnauheimer mentions:
  @InOutAround: 1 times
  @rww: 1 times
  @jeanlucr: 1 times
  @hnauheimer: 1 times
markendiscount mentions:
  @datadirt: 1 times
  @linzerschnitte: 1 times
  @karli: 1 times
  @RowC: 1 times
  @grzechu: 1 times
  @gisiger: 1 times
  @vollwertmedia: 1 times
  @hoeflehner: 1 times
  @misik: 1 times
  @navofignorance: 1 times
  @Buchautor: 1 times
kevinrendon mentions:
  @AlMcGourlay: 1 times
  @scotclans: 1 times
  @BeckiS: 1 times
  @kuraihime: 1 times
  @JoeHendricks: 1 times
  @kevinrendon: 1 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @albaman2: 1 times
zeenoid mentions:
  @karinbza: 1 times
smdpi mentions:
  @ZenDoc: 1 times
  @fear2love: 1 times
  @AnnetteDubow: 1 times
  @TheDivinePrince: 1 times
  @als127: 1 times
  @legator02: 1 times
klauswolfrum mentions:
  @vjdeedee: 1 times
markrcameron mentions:
  @GoAskChris: 1 times
andyroo30 mentions:
  @Kazzy30: 1 times
mexboom mentions:
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
gametimeshop mentions:
  @money4tweets: 1 times
denvy mentions:
  @deninglo: 1 times
riinareivala mentions:
  @JohnMellkvist: 1 times
liverpooldan mentions:
alisiafaraguna mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
roundabouttrvl mentions:
  @DMT2k5: 1 times
  @TaplinWebDesign: 1 times
  @SocialChangeRap: 1 times
  @schneiderk: 1 times
  @travelbuzz: 1 times
  @TheDailyMinder: 1 times
  @whodeani: 1 times
  @timothychughes: 1 times
wwemsd mentions:
  @wwejoshmathews: 1 times
  @svd5star: 1 times
  @screamqueendaff: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @realsandman: 1 times
power2bthin mentions:
  @cornbread33: 1 times
nameofthegame mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
altimet mentions:
  @hujanband: 1 times
  @altimet: 1 times
  @popshuvit: 1 times
  @imranajmain: 1 times
  @onebuckshort: 1 times
  @flizzow: 1 times
  @yunazarai: 1 times
bevision mentions:
  @ToxicMelvin: 1 times
  @XiongShui: 1 times
  @veloc1ty: 1 times
  @Pandur2000: 1 times
  @kskforum: 1 times
  @PiratenNRW: 1 times
  @withoutfield: 1 times
tochkak mentions:
  @alicetrip: 1 times
  @nikita: 1 times
glentoran99 mentions:
  @bellendcrew: 1 times
itsmesianytee mentions:
  @russellinbude: 1 times
  @danbuckjoyce: 1 times
  @cocktailsonme: 1 times
  @pennymflane: 1 times
  @lostangelino: 1 times
  @kaptinisdead: 1 times
ze_zimak mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
rtphotographer mentions:
  @TopOThHilStudio: 1 times
  @katiewphoto: 1 times
rgk13 mentions:
  @demarcq: 1 times
  @nikolittlestar: 1 times
  @rgk13: 1 times
claire_grube mentions:
  @phaemanual: 1 times
  @Klartexteperte: 1 times
  @KurtSiewers: 1 times
  @mediokra: 1 times
  @hhmtomcity: 1 times
yvga mentions:
  @CyrilSavitsky: 1 times
prodefi mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
nickmelnikov mentions:
  @tochkakRT: 1 times
  @alicetrip: 1 times
  @nikita: 1 times
kimhuebel mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
spwrite mentions:
  @EmmoLei: 1 times
  @JMichaelBriggs: 1 times
  @KristynBurtt: 1 times
  @TheWebFiles: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @AboveDShoulders: 1 times
  @WorldofRobert: 1 times
krion mentions:
  @Logunov: 1 times
  @WebTsarina: 1 times
  @mvredinka: 1 times
  @kistochka: 1 times
  @Bebekka: 1 times
  @AnnaBushueva: 1 times
  @praedo: 1 times
  @altavista: 1 times
  @brunetko: 1 times
  @liamka: 1 times
sibren mentions:
  @thomaspower: 1 times
  @Sibren: 1 times
arcane_ mentions:
  @kinggucci803: 2 times
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @sevdaproducer: 1 times
  @AshleyNicl: 1 times
  @badassplatinum: 1 times
truegabe mentions:
  @rricha2835: 1 times
truscotsman72 mentions:
  @chicklet7: 1 times
adamaxon mentions:
  @traveldudes: 1 times
  @sarahsez: 1 times
  @goodwinca: 1 times
  @pelagiapais: 1 times
  @rofltallman: 1 times
  @moose73: 1 times
  @GrumpyWookie: 1 times
  @andyneumann: 1 times
  @haelseatsworms: 1 times
johnchow mentions:
sandrofortunato mentions:
inquisitivejool mentions:
  @sexydetective: 1 times
  @loopsoffury: 1 times
anthony_carter mentions:
  @DevilsRefugee: 1 times
  @pointforwardpro: 1 times
  @thatsmyspinmove: 1 times
  @ilovemakonnen: 1 times
  @Anthonycarter: 1 times
  @shavereview: 1 times
  @sh: 1 times
brent007 mentions:
  @bruwmac: 1 times
  @PaulBarksdale: 1 times
  @cupcakes5: 1 times
  @squeakmouse73: 1 times
  @michaelrobison: 1 times
  @RoyalReality: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @thesachsgirl: 1 times
kyliegooch mentions:
  @KylieGooch: 1 times
  @samspoore: 1 times
  @vikkihunt: 1 times
scottmillsguru mentions:
  @Kutski: 1 times
funkymc mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
betsydrager mentions:
  @jameschau: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
plussizemommy mentions:
  @craftymamaof4: 1 times
  @TadahMom: 1 times
  @dasmybaby: 1 times
  @WBTBPoliceWives: 1 times
  @teambudd1: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @djprostyle: 1 times
  @ashsimpsonwentz: 1 times
anastagioboutiq mentions:
  @DizzyDezzi: 2 times
hukokauh mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
andybumatai mentions:
  @PeterLiu47: 1 times
  @AndyBumatai: 1 times
  @davelawrence: 1 times
  @Wordful: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
naomidevine mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
wberesford mentions:
  @Daytripper67: 1 times
  @blackberrysync: 1 times
  @boygenius: 1 times
  @geekberry: 1 times
  @azeis: 1 times
  @kasperapd: 1 times
  @FabianMH: 1 times
  @crackberrykevin: 1 times
shanejones mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
seejb mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
alterune mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
ryankode mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
jaxxxerockwell mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
midnight_runna mentions:
  @justbrizzy: 1 times
  @chowkingjed: 1 times
  @taeisme: 1 times
  @amnstanek: 1 times
  @MidnightRunna: 1 times
  @Doodieluv: 1 times
  @BoJangles12: 1 times
  @ThisBKaylaRo: 1 times
  @espn: 1 times
jolantru mentions:
  @SteampunkTales: 1 times
  @KatWithSword: 1 times
  @formandfunktion: 1 times
  @inkgypsy: 1 times
  @BellaVidaLetty: 1 times
  @OblivionJones: 1 times
  @zuwiki: 1 times
  @Steampunker: 1 times
shopvote mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
heytammybruce mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
keka_ontherocks mentions:
woody1313 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
natashalai mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
janehungoz mentions:
  @rivershanshu: 1 times
  @ChoeBe: 1 times
  @ASHATL: 1 times
  @fromahippie: 1 times
  @xoHerbieox: 1 times
  @jambled: 1 times
  @MickeyBoggs: 1 times
  @junkiecat: 1 times
  @girlfromaus206: 1 times
  @meetjasper: 1 times
reikiawakening mentions:
  @FrankDickinson: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
davidcasalini mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lewisq mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
laura_mckay2009 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
ankertw mentions:
  @justinspain: 1 times
  @photoA: 1 times
  @mediasteve: 1 times
  @mariagandara: 1 times
mikewhitmore mentions:
  @KING5Seattle: 1 times
  @wsdottraffic: 1 times
ohgibbs mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
thepoonie mentions:
  @mikesharman: 1 times
  @ncallegari: 1 times
  @slicktiger: 1 times
  @cianm: 1 times
  @nickyjamo: 1 times
  @ThePoonie: 1 times
dextoria mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
utahpirate mentions:
  @ravenlaughing: 1 times
a3pixitesmunier mentions:
deepakarora mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @markhendricks: 1 times
cathalmccauley mentions:
marketermikee mentions:
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @MarketerMikeE: 1 times
happinest mentions:
macaronigirl mentions:
  @sweetvalley: 1 times
  @ToddWilkins: 1 times
  @NedandAlice: 1 times
  @odavidson: 1 times
  @LizWakefield: 1 times
  @TeacherCollins: 1 times
  @EnidRollins: 1 times
  @JessWakefield: 1 times
  @brucepatman: 1 times
butterflyshoes mentions:
  @hubbit: 1 times
  @KangaRue: 1 times
  @purelaura: 1 times
  @britespark: 1 times
  @Cocobutterfly: 1 times
  @RichardRN: 1 times
  @hannahpoulton: 1 times
  @susie107: 1 times
  @bimbler: 1 times
  @NON53N53: 1 times
kennedyiam mentions:
  @WABrokers: 1 times
  @BellevueNews: 1 times
  @KennedyIam: 1 times
  @pamhoezle: 1 times
  @colleenfaye: 1 times
  @michelbomberger: 1 times
  @marywhitecornel: 1 times
braze74 mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @braze74: 1 times
  @authorlaurasaba: 1 times
  @ksscooby: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
  @GreenPeaceFan: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @lakithia: 1 times
  @cougarcandy: 1 times
  @mama: 1 times
nicolasathome mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
abrandy mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
wabrokers mentions:
  @morerealestate: 1 times
  @buyrestaurants: 1 times
omally13 mentions:
  @evochka: 1 times
  @alexandersua: 1 times
  @avvin: 1 times
  @asgev: 1 times
  @webresident: 1 times
michichan mentions:
  @RyanBrownShow: 1 times
  @tonyarranaga: 1 times
  @Kira91: 1 times
  @krystinascott: 1 times
  @bluecosmowave: 1 times
  @ricepapergirl: 1 times
  @xXQueenMaiXx: 1 times
xsiteable mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
jaysantiagoph mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @jaysantiagoph: 1 times
  @gregggrunberg: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
  @bigsis222: 1 times
ralfsvilands1 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
kaieric mentions:
  @dominicscott: 1 times
  @coreylay: 1 times
  @bouska: 1 times
  @kevinspacey: 1 times
  @thenickadams: 1 times
  @dameelizabeth: 1 times
  @frandrescher: 1 times
  @vonlahnstein: 1 times
endlessblush mentions:
  @DevilsRefugee: 1 times
  @endlessblush: 1 times
neticule mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
monacogroup mentions:
  @bryanwatkins: 1 times
  @dhallucinatory: 1 times
  @AnahitaNemat: 1 times
  @jeremygriffin: 1 times
  @topshelf: 1 times
  @chuckdevore: 1 times
  @RonNehring: 1 times
  @jkblack08: 1 times
  @rgreen006: 1 times
mattchedit mentions:
tkati mentions:
  @MrInconsistent: 1 times
  @Janewoolie: 1 times
  @Markwoolie: 1 times
  @jadebruns: 1 times
  @Elmeaux: 1 times
  @HellcatBetty: 1 times
  @drew: 1 times
  @kaaslaw: 1 times
  @sween: 1 times
puleen mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
jamesconnell mentions:
cwartner mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
lizuk mentions:
  @eburypublishing: 1 times
karmatical mentions:
  @spoilmetwo: 1 times
  @CPUHelp: 1 times
  @OurKnickknacks: 1 times
  @leedman: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
neiths mentions:
  @Turone: 1 times
  @christesre: 1 times
cicicuitt mentions:
  @TheLifehackPostRT: 1 times
  @Cisklager: 1 times
  @TheOfficialJane: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @paulsteele: 1 times
  @TimmySabre: 1 times
  @iamdpbeltran: 1 times
  @whatwhywho: 1 times
stevieenglish mentions:
  @NathanMillson: 1 times
leeuwenstorm mentions:
  @vincentsmit: 1 times
  @RobbertPaul: 1 times
juljo mentions:
  @Nikobert: 1 times
  @Panamakreis: 1 times
  @CoonEy: 1 times
  @hilariious: 1 times
  @Juljo: 1 times
  @kevinrose: 1 times
tokre mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
ziraffa mentions:
  @BurgessCT: 1 times
  @amadril: 1 times
  @vigilo: 1 times
  @NYUprof: 1 times
  @wordsofpower: 1 times
  @SusanneUre: 1 times
larsreineke mentions:
  @tauss: 1 times
  @jensscholz: 1 times
  @netzpolitik: 1 times
  @franziskaheine: 1 times
  @piratenpartei: 1 times
fictionalsaint mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
mitlae mentions:
  @SaschaAleks01: 1 times
  @MiaNiemand: 1 times
  @sxr2: 1 times
  @gorgmorg: 1 times
  @Poursuivre: 1 times
markich mentions:
  @malkovitch: 1 times
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
  @tuxplanet: 1 times
  @Korben: 1 times
  @markich: 1 times
  @Tibooo: 1 times
  @geekeriesfr: 1 times
liferadio mentions:
  @lrnews: 1 times
  @lrmusik: 1 times
  @lrservice: 1 times
  @silviariegler: 1 times
  @jawinklmayr: 1 times
sungit mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
blakeks mentions:
  @randomjo: 1 times
justsimplyjaye mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
diefisch mentions:
cjovanov mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
ghostfinder mentions:
  @SteampunkTales: 1 times
  @KatWithSword: 1 times
  @formandfunktion: 1 times
  @inkgypsy: 1 times
  @BellaVidaLetty: 1 times
  @OblivionJones: 1 times
  @zuwiki: 1 times
  @Steampunker: 1 times
stephengordon mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @RockingtheRobin: 1 times
  @scamp75: 1 times
  @DivineMoments: 1 times
amy_laree mentions:
  @aliving: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 2 times
  @EarthLifeInst: 1 times
  @IndieNorth: 1 times
  @spiritedwoman: 1 times
  @dagorret: 1 times
  @MarkCurtis: 1 times
  @RatRaceTrap: 1 times
whizzlizweb mentions:
  @saltevents: 1 times
  @HoptonHouseBnB: 1 times
  @accessibleweb: 1 times
  @engagingbrand: 1 times
  @helga73: 1 times
  @babyannadaisy: 1 times
theflyest mentions:
  @: 1 times
loopycid mentions:
  @only1lucylocket: 1 times
  @paulsteele: 1 times
  @VonOtter: 1 times
  @mediocremum: 1 times
  @pilgrimfamilyuk: 1 times
  @Mummyofmany: 1 times
  @jessicatrust: 1 times
  @MumofSix: 1 times
  @Soph4Soph: 1 times
davidgraziano mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
juicytots mentions:
  @Sleepytot: 1 times
  @Soph4Soph: 1 times
xpressla mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
lincolngreen mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
karinareitz mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
artistic_dreams mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @ritubpant: 1 times
nokomis_nutritn mentions:
  @gametimeshop: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @MrGreenThumb: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @doglovers: 1 times
  @jgphl: 1 times
sccevents mentions:
  @thebiglunch: 1 times
  @WessexHeartbeat: 1 times
  @beckypants: 1 times
  @arien: 1 times
  @lizmcwilliams: 1 times
  @twentytwoover7: 1 times
  @markheath: 1 times
  @citycouncil09: 1 times
  @simonlampy: 1 times
athletecreator mentions:
findontwitt mentions:
  @forumdude1024: 1 times
  @hunthenning: 1 times
  @iphonegirl: 1 times
  @loydcase: 1 times
  @macmanianetwork: 1 times
  @upside27: 1 times
  @ijustine: 1 times
  @thomas: 1 times
sxswguide mentions:
knorts mentions:
  @Suth2: 1 times
makeitandmendit mentions:
  @wyndwitchfollowfridays: 1 times
  @misiuk: 1 times
  @ukcrafts: 1 times
  @mamalonglegs: 1 times
  @woollywormhead: 1 times
  @madamsalami: 1 times
  @eastofthesunart: 1 times
  @puddytatpurr: 1 times
sleepytot mentions:
  @Soph4Soph: 1 times
hoptonhousebnb mentions:
  @ColRFTL: 1 times
sharingair mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ohmichael mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @SunnyJamiel: 1 times
  @dangel127: 1 times
  @StevensonChris: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
  @LiveJoy: 1 times
  @DManFresh: 1 times
  @TruthsCompany: 1 times
astollenwerk mentions:
  @schrozberg: 1 times
  @LennartFey: 1 times
  @cfritzsche: 1 times
  @insideX: 1 times
  @tauss: 1 times
  @twitgeridoo: 1 times
  @timpritlove: 1 times
  @pirat4KA: 1 times
  @RoheBotschaft: 1 times
vishwaskasat mentions:
  @aarthycrazy: 1 times
devongrandy mentions:
  @JackTheJackal: 1 times
ianseabrook mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
tim_butcher mentions:
  @middleclassgirl: 1 times
nadhiyamali mentions:
  @delhidreams: 1 times
gonetoearth mentions:
  @mattchedit: 1 times
shawn_mitch mentions:
ozegold mentions:
  @whoisTodd: 1 times
murmur55 mentions:
  @WOTNFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Fingertipnews: 1 times
sheonahg mentions:
  @Sheamus: 1 times
keesromkes mentions:
  @GTDorganized: 1 times
  @hoofdzaak: 1 times
jackofkent mentions:
  @graemearcher: 1 times
  @jackofkent: 1 times
irenewolk mentions:
  @tweedghost: 1 times
  @textzicke: 1 times
  @irenewolk: 1 times
  @reginakohn: 1 times
zombot mentions:
  @ChitaHearse: 1 times
bellesapepper37 mentions:
  @paulhants: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
erikgwilson mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @jmillerjr: 1 times
  @erikgwilson: 1 times
  @rickosborne: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @2LOVEGOD: 1 times
  @Tonyajc: 1 times
guidesforbrides mentions:
  @DWiley224: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @karter4: 1 times
darkangel808 mentions:
  @moanasaves: 1 times
  @NaniWaialeale: 1 times
  @Lazarus2000: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @tenbears: 1 times
  @5toSucceed: 1 times
  @SusanYamane: 1 times
robert_t mentions:
  @pastizzi: 1 times
  @Maggapice: 1 times
  @pixelfreund: 1 times
  @dworni: 1 times
lightgood mentions:
  @StephenGWills: 1 times
doruman_ mentions:
  @hawaiisandy: 1 times
  @dapsiua5: 1 times
  @mymiaomiao: 1 times
  @beautygoods: 1 times
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
  @grandmatwitt: 1 times
  @sqa: 1 times
jamescole03 mentions:
  @NicolaFanPage: 1 times
norestrictions mentions:
unslugged mentions:
  @EmmaK67: 1 times
felham mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
ivonnesmit mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
paganlinuxgeek mentions:
  @michaelzavala: 1 times
thepickards mentions:
  @qwghlm: 1 times
  @RealDMitchell: 1 times
  @gcluley: 1 times
boy_willis mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
jpenaz mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
lisavine mentions:
bluetomato mentions:
  @hoeflehner: 1 times
  @planai: 1 times
  @hochwurzenG: 1 times
  @myadventureAT: 1 times
  @thoms: 1 times
  @vansn: 1 times
  @christophson: 1 times
  @WMad: 1 times
  @bluetomato: 1 times
doonytime mentions:
  @clissh: 1 times
  @Mindrover: 1 times
  @Trace027: 1 times
  @sophielo: 1 times
  @theknickermafia: 1 times
  @powermonkeys: 1 times
  @chilrenstrust: 1 times
  @carlitosmum: 1 times
  @kieronmayers: 1 times
bryancasson mentions:
  @lisaduplessis: 1 times
  @SharonLandon: 1 times
atzezwirs mentions:
  @atzezwirs: 1 times
obaidx mentions:
alistairrae mentions:
  @foreignoffice: 1 times
  @64forSuu: 1 times
operacat mentions:
  @jeremylimb: 1 times
skobbler mentions:
  @abalakov: 1 times
gaysiegessaeule mentions:
  @misterwongde: 1 times
  @DasKurzeGlueck: 1 times
  @britspotting: 1 times
  @GAYSDE: 1 times
  @HamburgPride: 1 times
  @gggat: 1 times
  @TheMutti: 1 times
  @VolkerBeck: 1 times
  @lovedior1: 1 times
liammoody mentions:
  @daveybarnett: 1 times
  @justinspain: 1 times
  @photoA: 1 times
  @mediasteve: 1 times
  @mariagandara: 1 times
althe mentions:
  @Cinderell4: 1 times
  @lcstranslations: 1 times
  @deadmanwriting: 1 times
  @Artlandis: 1 times
  @shaina81: 1 times
  @syymza: 1 times
  @francescacorner: 1 times
  @Maiko76: 1 times
  @sweetpoison: 1 times
  @Gel: 1 times
robhobart mentions:
  @unclebear: 1 times
_micahlyn mentions:
  @shenaniganjenn: 1 times
  @jessiekaiser: 1 times
veezdabeezneez mentions:
  @paulaabdulfan: 1 times
  @loopyallie: 1 times
  @Lovinladyva: 1 times
  @RocknRollCars: 1 times
  @SpacePops: 1 times
  @LezGrrl: 1 times
  @dasduke: 1 times
  @LetheinVegas: 1 times
harmonicthought mentions:
  @goodEnergyGA: 1 times
absolvo mentions:
  @cuprum: 1 times
freena mentions:
  @BLuijters: 1 times
  @elskamp: 1 times
  @douwea: 1 times
  @dhrzao: 1 times
  @robinmilward: 1 times
  @Weconnect: 1 times
  @bizz: 1 times
  @GerardHenninger: 1 times
  @dvdstelt: 1 times
  @promontis: 1 times
  @joosthaneveer: 1 times
heatherbestel mentions:
  @enation: 1 times
  @HeatherBestel: 1 times
  @AlanRYoung: 1 times
  @Paula6thlevel: 1 times
  @DavidRWike: 1 times
  @virtualgirluk: 1 times
emfx81 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @artist8dotcom: 1 times
kayross mentions:
  @kayross: 1 times
  @LeeSmallwood: 1 times
  @fameisavapour: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @snedwan: 1 times
stelliss8 mentions:
  @rmilana: 2 times
schaeferj89 mentions:
  @andyclemmensen: 1 times
  @bradiewebbstack: 1 times
  @shaundiviney: 1 times
  @danceoffmychest: 1 times
  @sonnyjoeflangan: 1 times
  @jamesmachan: 1 times
  @lewisusher: 1 times
  @shaunjumpnow: 1 times
mediacoach mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
gruenstreifen mentions:
  @GesineSchwan: 1 times
  @GrueneClaudia: 1 times
  @bueti: 1 times
  @wahljahr09: 1 times
  @VolkerBeck: 1 times
  @wahlde: 1 times
hugoperis mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
marketingdonut mentions:
  @NiteGlow: 1 times
globtrav mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
iheartpluto mentions:
  @kinozeit: 1 times
  @PaperHeartMovie: 1 times
  @ahtblog: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @JasonReitman: 1 times
  @ManMadeMoon: 1 times
  @peternoster: 1 times
  @DVDuell: 1 times
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
revolveruk mentions:
  @confusedCoyote: 1 times
  @SodaPictures: 1 times
  @dogwoofindie: 1 times
  @Revolveruk: 1 times
cleverelements mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
laurent_brixius mentions:
  @EmmanuelGadenne: 1 times
chrish10 mentions:
  @suzanne1971: 1 times
markusungerer mentions:
  @oliverschwab: 1 times
  @anitaTUSCH: 1 times
  @Scherzinfarkt: 1 times
  @GuterGeschmack: 1 times
  @CarmenHentschel: 1 times
agnesality mentions:
  @chaclie: 1 times
  @abitearwen: 1 times
  @eggday: 1 times
  @ItsAvrilLavigne: 1 times
bry237 mentions:
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @Bry237: 1 times
queenofwhatever mentions:
  @michaelseidlitz: 1 times
  @gourmetblog: 1 times
  @pic4pix: 1 times
  @volkergoebbels: 1 times
  @ankegroener: 1 times
  @serotonic: 1 times
laeme mentions:
  @NunoSarandes: 1 times
  @Pogarzinha: 1 times
mitchley mentions:
  @JoReynolds55: 1 times
  @Linzking: 1 times
  @GeekySteph: 1 times
  @pstainthorp: 1 times
  @daveyp: 1 times
indigowrath mentions:
  @Fishoutofsea: 1 times
  @eolistpetite: 1 times
  @idifficult: 1 times
  @Gumley: 1 times
twittacause mentions:
  @twittacause: 1 times
  @caregvr: 1 times
  @socialgood: 1 times
juwain mentions:
  @ganjabas: 1 times
ladybug8320 mentions:
  @Superlambanana: 1 times
  @LadyBug8320: 1 times
nick_coombes mentions:
  @deanoshoes: 1 times
  @siowls: 1 times
scooby867 mentions:
  @Bellabearx: 1 times
amandafclark mentions:
  @f1photos: 1 times
garner69 mentions:
  @deanoshoes: 1 times
  @siowls: 1 times
skunkhunt mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
macfranky mentions:
  @stexbell: 1 times
  @marcoziero: 1 times
  @fragolina@lindo: 1 times
  @steutd: 1 times
  @alessio1970: 1 times
  @maxio75: 1 times
  @fedmor: 1 times
  @Niki1601: 1 times
  @Giovy: 1 times
  @vincenzodb: 1 times
  @luanascozzafava: 1 times
robaroundbooks mentions:
  @kimbofo: 1 times
michelleblake mentions:
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
agentecatarella mentions:
  @MichaelJaegerTV: 1 times
  @wimbauer: 1 times
zorlone mentions:
  @Chinkygirlmel: 1 times
thirdsectorlab mentions:
  @parentsforplay: 1 times
  @thirdsectorlab: 1 times
  @Mashable: 1 times
aclaysuper mentions:
  @mikasounds: 1 times
nfuetterer mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
fun2tweet mentions:
  @dangel127: 1 times
s44 mentions:
bmycharity mentions:
  @kevbaughen: 1 times
bjornbjorn mentions:
  @ChangeforIran: 1 times
fevberry mentions:
  @truscotsman72: 1 times
  @mcherrywv: 1 times
stricktier mentions:
  @stijlroyal: 1 times
lisaduplessis mentions:
bceonline mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @bceonline: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @BeachMomOf2: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
gardenorganics mentions:
  @ellefie: 1 times
  @saltevents: 2 times
  @violetbakes: 1 times
  @Beckenham: 1 times
  @Bruno43: 1 times
  @TraciKnoppe: 1 times
  @NicolaOwen: 1 times
  @ernmander: 1 times
  @JohnLanyon: 1 times
  @musosdan: 1 times
_dangerous mentions:
  @hannahpianna: 1 times
  @stonecypher: 1 times
  @jolliehaybowes: 1 times
  @cultlabs: 1 times
  @revolveruk: 1 times
  @kissability: 1 times
  @davidsgallant: 1 times
  @duchessmag: 1 times
ecto__1 mentions:
  @agent22: 1 times
  @twodollarbeej: 1 times
  @joelmadden: 1 times
  @nicolerichie: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @katyperry: 1 times
cliked mentions:
  @sachac: 1 times
jedijon mentions:
  @FalconX2: 1 times
  @professorbeej: 1 times
  @GeekTyrant: 1 times
  @mcchris: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @Yodasnews: 1 times
  @SethMacFarlane: 1 times
jasonbuck mentions:
  @chuckgose: 1 times
  @12thday: 1 times
  @csledzik: 1 times
  @shonali: 1 times
  @Jonin60seconds: 1 times
kanika1386 mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @streetanchor: 1 times
the_fixer mentions:
  @PattySky: 1 times
  @dcraig568: 1 times
  @Thefixer: 1 times
  @Markable: 1 times
  @JimmyPoodle: 1 times
  @PaoloCamagna: 1 times
constantinum mentions:
  @chiefsanjay: 1 times
chicouloum mentions:
  @SylvainPaley: 1 times
  @bibinou: 1 times
  @LaFermeDuWeb: 1 times
  @Chicouloum: 1 times
  @roukho: 1 times
  @weetabix: 1 times
  @Korben: 1 times
  @jonathanbonzy: 1 times
  @Pym: 1 times
armymom101 mentions:
  @MommyTaco@SupportTroops12: 1 times
  @eft4vets: 1 times
  @Care4Troops: 1 times
  @EllenSees: 1 times
  @DeanBenninger: 1 times
  @wattleweb: 1 times
  @L5: 1 times
  @Jpbreen1: 1 times
fsgold mentions:
  @fsgold: 1 times
  @volkmarroensch: 1 times
  @traumschuhe: 1 times
  @@FrauEngel: 1 times
  @indianerne: 1 times
yatori mentions:
  @: 1 times
ebrown2112 mentions:
  @trebuchet: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
jpmizdelicious mentions:
  @HeyRobert: 1 times
  @JPMizDELiCiOUS: 1 times
mizaru mentions:
  @MyAppleStuff: 1 times
  @BrendOTron: 1 times
  @donagh66: 1 times
  @jamieparkins: 1 times
  @minute44: 1 times
  @Makinov: 1 times
  @ionwen: 1 times
  @OliveEyes: 1 times
  @tanyapeasgood: 1 times
  @c62: 1 times
cherylbrownlee mentions:
  @GoodAdvice: 1 times
  @CherylBrownlee: 1 times
alittletrendy mentions:
  @Kuriboi2k6: 1 times
annieoneill mentions:
  @chrismoonwill: 1 times
  @RichardDerwentC: 1 times
  @greenlouise: 1 times
  @lynnelee: 1 times
  @interiors2Art: 1 times
matthias_werner mentions:
  @DerFuehrer: 1 times
  @HappySchnitzel: 1 times
arttherapy2heal mentions:
  @lilind: 1 times
  @arttherapy2heal: 1 times
jorton mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @alwaystryin: 1 times
  @pabloparrot: 1 times
  @Brianamazon: 1 times
  @WhickyWuudler: 1 times
  @maisiebird: 1 times
  @MeganBlake: 1 times
  @flatcoateric: 1 times
bdooley mentions:
  @jeremylimb: 1 times
jesseintl mentions:
  @JewelryTutsOrg: 1 times
  @melfaescotland: 1 times
  @codegenie: 1 times
  @ilovemom: 1 times
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @Brianmk1: 1 times
  @Transmecharian: 1 times
  @bentforms: 1 times
ijayden mentions:
nicchick mentions:
  @currencyblog: 1 times
  @justinparks: 1 times
knowsnotmuch mentions:
  @rohitsabuFollowFriday: 1 times
  @dilipm: 1 times
  @82kg: 1 times
iiiikoolaidiiii mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
in_camera mentions:
  @AlrightTit: 1 times
researcher11 mentions:
  @serennu: 1 times
  @uaf: 1 times
alexschnapper mentions:
  @ZEEing: 1 times
  @Clipgenerator: 1 times
  @mitglied92: 1 times
  @MLescaut: 1 times
coltnb mentions:
  @Zaubervogel: 1 times
  @mj232385: 1 times
danak6 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
inkserotica mentions:
  @PMolinero: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @happinessisbetr: 1 times
  @chefkeem: 1 times
  @squidoo: 1 times
  @inkserotica: 1 times
  @naiza: 1 times
  @myln: 1 times
  @PaulDuxbury: 1 times
viktoriabk mentions:
  @sargedunn1: 1 times
  @tyrelassie: 1 times
  @MyAppleStuff: 1 times
  @beezan: 1 times
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @the12kingstar: 1 times
  @aussieatheart: 1 times
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
lilladyv08 mentions:
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @babycakes92: 2 times
  @MSDOTCEO: 1 times
  @XDshayxDeniseX: 1 times
  @EroticPoet: 1 times
myzerowaste mentions:
  @ultimateAleks: 1 times
  @ooffoo: 1 times
  @wastediverter: 1 times
billyscallywag mentions:
  @bananasmel: 1 times
  @wantit: 1 times
  @kyelani: 1 times
  @TimWD: 1 times
  @gracefreeman: 1 times
  @jennifersage: 1 times
  @LannyS: 1 times
  @Opiated: 1 times
  @mammasteph: 1 times
  @jamesleon1: 1 times
  @bandyalynna: 1 times
  @jo127: 1 times
mr_humster mentions:
  @freekir: 1 times
  @st0rmyweather: 1 times
  @alicetrip: 1 times
  @Dmitryvi: 1 times
  @mrhumster: 1 times
  @cityrealist: 1 times
  @obozhdi: 1 times
sarahesarsfield mentions:
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
papadimitriou mentions:
  @louisgray: 1 times
shravanpn7 mentions:
  @bhandarimegha: 1 times
  @MTVindia: 1 times
jennbakermjb mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
openingenergy mentions:
  @SianLindemann: 1 times
  @openingenergy: 1 times
goodadvice mentions:
  @BusinessAdvice: 1 times
  @MaverickMastery: 1 times
geekcastradio mentions:
  @TFG1Podcast: 1 times
  @SCP21: 1 times
shellterrell mentions:
zmay_16 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
reaksjon1 mentions:
  @kjelvi: 1 times
  @kristinsl: 1 times
  @kjetilloset: 1 times
  @hegeulstein: 1 times
  @arillr: 1 times
  @GunnarStavrum: 1 times
simplyorganized mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
goldsbrough mentions:
  @silkmoth: 1 times
  @mikeirvingweb: 1 times
  @citytwitty: 1 times
tempestdevyne mentions:
  @EmeraldAce: 1 times
bradsworld mentions:
  @jeanlucr: 1 times
mstesst mentions:
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @MsTessT: 1 times
  @CandlesbyTasha: 1 times
  @DufalBagent: 1 times
  @Christwhitfield: 1 times
  @beiruta: 1 times
  @djefeezy: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
hill79 mentions:
  @ladymisshels: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @iheard: 1 times
  @bobbyllew: 1 times
_konna_ mentions:
  @Miraclew0rld: 1 times
  @hanghuhn: 1 times
  @emiliablue: 1 times
  @lilahi: 1 times
  @BellaHikari: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @gesichtet: 1 times
  @Lielan: 1 times
tontenn mentions:
  @woosang: 1 times
  @fictillius: 1 times
  @mattlxs: 1 times
  @sydneypicks: 1 times
  @DavidFrancis19: 1 times
  @MrNathanWilliam: 1 times
  @Lukasp: 1 times
  @jusNate: 1 times
  @whatsonthetube: 1 times
  @maxmarkson: 1 times
teenyr mentions:
  @causticbob: 1 times
doruman mentions:
  @reply: 1 times
cisklager mentions:
  @weenick: 1 times
  @NightShade10: 1 times
  @ApeculiarEitan: 1 times
  @whatwhywho: 1 times
  @Ade1965: 1 times
  @sporrana: 1 times
  @tiinag: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @vocd: 1 times
  @MeanderingPaul: 1 times
  @dltodd62: 1 times
dpickup mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
jtdachtler mentions:
  @alaksir: 1 times
  @forces2: 1 times
cath_woman mentions:
  @pathien: 1 times
  @mathildev: 1 times
suerk mentions:
  @scattyjan: 1 times
  @AmyLaurel: 1 times
  @hrwritersguild: 1 times
  @SueRK: 1 times
  @Georgieboo: 1 times
tweetingaddict mentions:
moin86 mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
  @xemanhdep: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @PsychedelicBabe: 1 times
  @brandonacox: 1 times
kayatoe mentions:
  @jeromekors: 1 times
bogdanmogo mentions:
  @aBogdan: 1 times
  @raluxa: 1 times
  @bleau: 1 times
  @everzor: 1 times
  @allestrawberry: 1 times
  @andymihail: 1 times
  @blegoopr: 1 times
  @mariacubucuria: 1 times
  @luxiana: 1 times
  @arielco: 1 times
kent_it mentions:
  @NiftyKnits: 1 times
  @wildlifeaid: 1 times
trebor_nubby mentions:
  @twinkle47: 1 times
memith mentions:
  @jamieaiken919: 1 times
  @alixsays: 1 times
  @candice: 1 times
  @anticlimatic: 1 times
  @ninacox: 1 times
  @emokidsloveme: 1 times
  @catawu: 1 times
  @weelaura: 1 times
  @colbertobsessed: 1 times
  @edgarallen: 1 times
thescottydont mentions:
  @dino101: 1 times
  @BJShea: 1 times
buliwyf mentions:
  @saschafrmberlin: 1 times
  @helmi: 1 times
  @derzornige: 1 times
  @newbobo23: 1 times
  @fbz: 1 times
  @mgoldmann: 1 times
  @BoehningB: 1 times
  @tauss: 1 times
  @fischimglas: 1 times
  @ashility: 1 times
  @Veronica: 1 times
  @mostlylisa: 1 times
justusbruns mentions:
  @willemdudok: 1 times
  @xandralouise: 1 times
  @baffo: 1 times
  @thijsniks: 1 times
  @alexandernl: 1 times
  @ummobruns: 1 times
  @wernsting: 1 times
winsorandnewt mentions:
  @torbengee: 1 times
michlan mentions:
  @cherrymorello: 1 times
  @ebeth: 1 times
valentinoswife mentions:
  @elecio: 1 times
  @fififlowers: 1 times
  @teapartynews: 1 times
melissa_atwell mentions:
  @NCLRights: 1 times
  @MaryBogdan: 1 times
  @Alaster: 1 times
  @goodasyou: 1 times
  @mzmartipants: 1 times
  @thattallguy: 1 times
  @dayofsilence: 1 times
  @WendiThompson: 1 times
  @care2: 1 times
  @n8s8e: 1 times
rhemsworth mentions:
  @Janedebond@PamelaGlasner@JokerBGshow@PeteMoring@janissharp: 1 times
marcothesis mentions:
  @sleepysteph: 1 times
  @marcothesis: 1 times
  @ossianshine: 1 times
  @misenscene: 1 times
  @MarketingEds: 1 times
  @stefanomaggi: 1 times
  @jonmrich: 1 times
stopthepop mentions:
  @gjona: 1 times
dabelin mentions:
  @MarieBilde: 1 times
kritia mentions:
  @AnubhavSharma: 2 times
jeuxmoinschers mentions:
  @docslumpy: 1 times
  @Korben: 1 times
  @Praska: 1 times
  @damonx: 1 times
  @geekasia: 1 times
  @youyouk: 1 times
  @BULDOZERBen: 1 times
  @matplayer: 1 times
  @FullHDReady: 1 times
  @PierreTran: 1 times
  @chandleyr: 1 times
kuriboi2k6 mentions:
  @alittletrendy: 1 times
  @Kuriboi2k6: 1 times
hatmandu mentions:
  @chancexchangeuk: 1 times
sachinuppal mentions:
  @pujamadan: 1 times
  @sachinuppal: 1 times
thebostonian mentions:
  @greekdude: 1 times
  @alefragisp: 1 times
  @humaworksSEO: 1 times
  @olrandir: 1 times
  @MaryLout: 1 times
  @greekfood: 1 times
  @internetakias: 1 times
  @panos: 1 times
weinlounge mentions:
  @drunkenmonday: 1 times
  @weinkaiser: 1 times
  @mgmall: 1 times
  @gullicom: 1 times
  @photosign: 1 times
  @riesling1: 1 times
  @finesttastes: 1 times
  @vivesvino: 1 times
preetchandhoke mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
toodleloo mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
alkanphel mentions:
  @rosemaryninja: 1 times
  @belindaang: 1 times
  @inrsoul: 1 times
  @jaczie: 1 times
  @euniqueflair: 1 times
sebastien_simon mentions:
  @Emiliedegrace: 2 times
katbeb mentions:
nschepers mentions:
  @ennomane: 1 times
complexnumber mentions:
  @khalilaleker: 1 times
emmy_doo_dah mentions:
  @RupertBiddi: 1 times
capricorn_one mentions:
  @TachyonTV: 1 times
  @kittyfisher: 1 times
  @neilperryman: 1 times
  @DamonQuerry: 1 times
espizito mentions:
  @SnoozySu: 1 times
  @SouthernPlate: 1 times
  @mommyskitchen: 1 times
  @RhodaSouthernH: 1 times
  @becbucci: 1 times
  @nikkiitaly: 1 times
  @gourmetcook: 1 times
timkitchin mentions:
  @brianrunciman: 1 times
  @Demos: 1 times
  @glynmoody: 1 times
  @weaverluke: 1 times
  @ftchris: 1 times
gracefreeman mentions:
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
lethalprincess mentions:
  @Nickman611: 1 times
  @JesseKozel: 1 times
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @RampageFNX: 1 times
  @barronlau: 1 times
  @chokewho: 1 times
  @SupremeKnight: 1 times
  @KnuckleSlap: 1 times
cgbrofmi mentions:
  @lilsis1957: 1 times
  @PerIscritto: 1 times
  @LifeCoachKim: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @maheshone: 1 times
  @PoetryILike: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @ActiveAmericans: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
humbush mentions:
spydraman mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
erlingkrist mentions:
  @gjona: 1 times
joyanne mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
mia322 mentions:
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @Tissabella: 1 times
  @justbella: 1 times
  @ciabella50: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @bellanieve: 1 times
twilight_infos mentions:
  @sarahobrien: 1 times
  @BlackHeartWhore: 1 times
  @ShaunaXoO: 1 times
  @indietunes: 1 times
  @jessikaxox: 1 times
  @insidebigbro: 1 times
  @bigbrobot: 1 times
  @heatworld: 1 times
  @twilightinfos: 1 times
danielkrieg mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
dmathieu mentions:
chinablue79 mentions:
  @nondisbeliever: 1 times
lola_showgirl mentions:
  @pabloparrot: 1 times
  @Brianamazon: 1 times
  @popsicola: 1 times
  @Bazparrot: 1 times
  @Jorton: 1 times
  @Luluparrot: 1 times
  @cybilrat: 1 times
dandi77 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
kombib mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bettingportal mentions:
  @vouchercodes365: 1 times
  @festivalfan: 1 times
thecraftyninja mentions:
  @clairesnugbaby: 1 times
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
  @partysprite: 1 times
  @driahades: 1 times
  @woolyholic: 1 times
  @meridianariel: 1 times
ellyoracle mentions:
  @sascotty: 1 times
  @jtspurs: 1 times
  @addersop: 1 times
  @kitship: 1 times
  @benjaminglass: 1 times
  @garner69: 1 times
  @mickyates: 1 times
carltonhibbert mentions:
  @jofstar: 1 times
  @carltonhibbert: 1 times
  @balkanbeat: 1 times
  @StageDoorJohnny: 1 times
  @doodlewhale: 1 times
  @thewildjoker: 1 times
  @Colart: 1 times
  @pezholio: 1 times
traumhochzeit mentions:
  @ManuG: 1 times
  @heimuuh: 1 times
  @Katrin1273: 1 times
  @smittysue: 1 times
  @PickiHH: 1 times
  @Klunkerfisch: 1 times
  @JuttaBaur: 1 times
  @PetraRaab: 1 times
  @cyberfux: 1 times
graphicidentity mentions:
  @snufsnuf: 1 times
  @sh3n3rd: 1 times
  @tomlovesyou: 1 times
  @sethetter: 1 times
  @Othella: 1 times
  @LBOI: 1 times
brandstaetter mentions:
  @philafication: 1 times
  @ApolloPlus40: 1 times
bvicil mentions:
  @kovshenin: 1 times
nadinesaenger mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bengillam mentions:
  @robday: 1 times
  @bravenewcode: 1 times
  @daveizzle: 1 times
  @mikecj: 1 times
  @FearMediocrity: 1 times
  @cmoz: 1 times
  @LewisBeechey: 1 times
monoa mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
maggie_thatcher mentions:
  @Treagus: 1 times
jacobparackal mentions:
  @MTVindia: 1 times
loftsinatlanta mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
thulaneh mentions:
  @lovebscott: 1 times
cherryhintonblu mentions:
  @mrchrisaddisonfollowfriday: 1 times
  @jeremylimb: 1 times
neilthetrainer mentions:
  @lizwoolly: 1 times
canvas_beauty mentions:
  @paulfeig: 1 times
britt_w mentions:
  @lesanto: 1 times
  @glennlesanto: 1 times
zwiebelfischli mentions:
  @gebrauchsgrafik: 1 times
  @escamoteur: 1 times
  @Haselnusstafel: 1 times
  @kopfbunt: 1 times
  @Ingelheim: 1 times
  @Amaot: 1 times
  @diemaschinistin: 1 times
  @IreneWolk: 1 times
  @VerlagHSchmidt: 1 times
sasabelle mentions:
  @toodleloo: 1 times
  @PhilipsVS: 1 times
sadako01 mentions:
  @moshermorris: 1 times
  @metalsucks: 1 times
  @metalinjection: 1 times
  @adrenalinepr: 1 times
  @noisecreep: 1 times
  @tonesofdeath: 1 times
  @relapserecords: 1 times
  @THESYNNJ: 1 times
  @metalinsider: 1 times
teabaghero mentions:
  @buckleuppromo: 1 times
  @thrashhits: 1 times
  @rocksound: 1 times
type3emma mentions:
  @wylthenemesis: 1 times
  @Sarxos: 1 times
  @cultlabs: 1 times
  @elliottbrown: 1 times
  @GirlGamersUK: 1 times
  @REALjtCarter: 1 times
  @projectmalawi: 1 times
  @lendmeyoureyes: 1 times
  @janistalis: 1 times
subtleblade mentions:
  @robinmatthewfry: 1 times
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
tomdotcom_uk mentions:
  @KerryInHolland: 1 times
  @apdunne: 1 times
  @ebeth: 1 times
lumpyana mentions:
  @eMeRiKa: 1 times
  @startupz: 1 times
  @music2comm: 1 times
  @weesk: 1 times
  @weetabix: 1 times
lilacbutterfly mentions:
  @WahooPooh: 1 times
  @lilacbutterfly: 1 times
notsostable mentions:
  @joeyflash: 1 times
  @tnjed4: 1 times
  @Bettiol: 1 times
  @itswendylou: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
elbarisic mentions:
  @jamesmb: 1 times
aliceverheij mentions:
  @artgrrl: 1 times
  @vijfke: 1 times
  @vreer: 1 times
  @jetemetet: 1 times
  @herboren: 1 times
  @sterestherster: 1 times
  @chantal: 1 times
nichtstefanraab mentions:
  @Sk4tz: 1 times
  @dirksteins: 1 times
  @lichtkriegerin: 1 times
  @zresU: 1 times
  @Deef: 1 times
  @sixtina: 1 times
  @mumie99: 1 times
  @phistophilip: 1 times
  @weltherrscher: 1 times
darenbbc mentions:
  @stewarttownsend: 1 times
miriam_rupp mentions:
  @gamebizz: 1 times
cimota mentions:
  @iansayers: 1 times
  @craigmcq: 1 times
kscheib mentions:
redevilica mentions:
  @nefretiriii: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 3 times
  @TheRealGlambert: 3 times
enhance_me mentions:
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
techim mentions:
gambler84 mentions:
masseytravel mentions:
  @TheHoxtonHotel: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @visitlondonweb: 1 times
  @foodieguide: 1 times
  @TheAberdeenMal: 1 times
  @101holidays: 1 times
  @squaremealvande: 1 times
  @BlackTomato: 1 times
lendmeyoureyes mentions:
  @bloggerheads: 1 times
kasya4ek mentions:
  @TheBoyWithNails: 1 times
  @mrhumster: 1 times
mondoaz mentions:
jasuk70 mentions:
  @charnellpugsley: 1 times
  @xpando: 1 times
  @DarrenGriffin: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
michaelhaupt mentions:
  @thewinewhore: 1 times
  @wonderfulwines: 1 times
  @pulpologist: 1 times
  @WinesFromSpain: 1 times
  @DiscoverWine: 1 times
olivers mentions:
  @yvettegr: 1 times
  @sirtwat: 1 times
  @TaniaGabrielle: 1 times
  @aaronparkinson: 1 times
  @DustinJMcClure: 1 times
  @MarkClayson: 1 times
  @BobLange: 1 times
  @gannotti: 1 times
  @sanatkumar: 1 times
tifpez mentions:
  @causticbob: 1 times
  @JesusWife: 1 times
vayapashos mentions:
  @High5Machine: 1 times
pufflepie mentions:
  @stanmoreRob: 1 times
  @blankslate: 1 times
lindano mentions:
  @bustyrockets: 1 times
allmodconz mentions:
  @littlecheetah47: 1 times
  @kimmee0424: 1 times
  @TropicsZ4: 1 times
  @AllModConz: 1 times
  @lifecoachbeth: 1 times
  @ShadowDreamer: 1 times
  @a2damoats: 1 times
  @tkdsoulkat: 1 times
  @TylorLMatt: 1 times
lozkent mentions:
win_prizedraws mentions:
digimaverick mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @AchiMuellers: 1 times
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
  @MileStelzner: 1 times
donotmindme mentions:
  @Piratenpartei: 1 times
  @pfueldner: 1 times
  @AnnikaK: 1 times
  @tauss: 1 times
culvere mentions:
  @garygannon: 1 times
  @extralife: 1 times
  @ruskin147: 1 times
  @oabnormal: 1 times
  @pvponline: 1 times
  @Veronica: 1 times
maverick47 mentions:
  @dissidencias: 1 times
studiobodhi mentions:
  @loveboxuk: 1 times
justamoochin mentions:
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @justamoochin: 1 times
  @satishkini: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
  @cremb1: 1 times
  @rott1058: 1 times
  @carmends1: 1 times
adicrazy mentions:
  @brainstuck: 1 times
  @prolificd: 1 times
  @ashokbanker: 1 times
  @KritiA: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
careerscoacheu mentions:
  @EoinRedmond: 1 times
  @whatswhatsian: 1 times
  @krishnade: 1 times
  @darraghdoyle: 1 times
  @HilzFuld: 1 times
  @DuaneJackson: 1 times
  @EleART: 1 times
  @nialldevitt: 1 times
cri333 mentions:
alaninantwerp mentions:
  @alexsheppard: 1 times
quadrillelbf mentions:
  @chiccollection: 1 times
  @odysseyguides: 1 times
  @nordicdiet: 1 times
  @mitchtonks: 1 times
  @hixoyster: 1 times
  @theboydonefood: 1 times
  @marketkitchen: 1 times
  @tobifairley: 1 times
  @hungryjenny: 1 times
samarowais mentions:
  @WAHMBizbuilder: 1 times
aschoeke mentions:
  @piratenpartei: 1 times
phantomjan mentions:
  @wendyshepherd: 1 times
  @LisaLR1: 1 times
  @officiallyplug: 1 times
  @Oz1313: 1 times
rangii mentions:
  @kodyj: 1 times
  @andyclemmensen@shaundiviney@bradiewebbstack: 1 times
paul_craig_uk mentions:
  @Mykalmusic: 1 times
  @ActressHolmes: 1 times
  @afreshmusic: 1 times
  @nishanjoomun: 1 times
  @AmandaRoland: 1 times
phillconnell mentions:
  @AdrianHiggs: 1 times
  @ianrmcallister: 1 times
whotook mentions:
  @howlertwit: 1 times
  @rosskie: 1 times
  @Nuff55: 1 times
  @onion2k: 1 times
  @LJsBaby: 1 times
  @RealMattDamon: 1 times
  @VioletsCRUK: 1 times
  @IanJenkin: 1 times
  @Riggy0: 1 times
marcuszacco mentions:
  @getresponse: 1 times
  @marcuszacco: 1 times
1outside mentions:
  @robinmatthewfry: 1 times
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
srilathar mentions:
  @hamednz: 1 times
drewg75 mentions:
  @Krizanovich: 1 times
  @theboygeorge: 1 times
  @peacockpete: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @MetricBand: 1 times
cliveandrews mentions:
  @BikeClub: 1 times
downeychick mentions:
  @Dyana: 1 times
gutjahr mentions:
  @FlorianPronold: 1 times
  @tjtweets: 1 times
derots mentions:
  @amatodesign: 1 times
vorstadtmax mentions:
  @sxr2: 1 times
  @schattenlilie: 1 times
  @fjordschritt: 1 times
  @Poursuivre: 1 times
  @Meandro: 1 times
  @VorstadtMax: 1 times
ming_13 mentions:
julpi mentions:
aur0re mentions:
  @HaDeSss: 1 times
  @Armanoid: 1 times
jayce_kay mentions:
  @Widgetty: 1 times
  @fraserke: 1 times
jasonholland mentions:
  @Commutee: 1 times
  @paperclippy: 1 times
  @FelixVelarde: 1 times
  @davhamill: 1 times
  @Underwired: 1 times
dc_pr mentions:
  @Marcopolode: 1 times
  @FROSTADE: 1 times
  @deutschlandcard: 1 times
  @LufthansaDE: 1 times
  @mueritzeum: 1 times
  @scoyo: 1 times
  @rezeptefee: 1 times
  @vodafonede: 1 times
muffutz mentions:
  @hermsfarm: 1 times
  @parasight: 1 times
  @jkleske: 1 times
  @heiko: 1 times
lyn_sue mentions:
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @aBoldStepBack: 1 times
inapickle_va mentions:
  @NigelMorgan: 1 times
  @inapickleva: 1 times
ritman77 mentions:
  @elbpoet: 1 times
thedarlingtrust mentions:
  @loveboxuk: 1 times
  @greenpeace: 1 times
aldeiavermelha mentions:
  @radiomoscovo: 1 times
jessicalee11 mentions:
  @FionaSMM: 1 times
  @ANMEric: 1 times
  @anewmode: 1 times
tompsk mentions:
  @Mangowe: 1 times
  @Splashman: 1 times
usofarsenal mentions:
  @spanishfry: 1 times
lenerl mentions:
  @ritman77: 1 times
  @elbpoet: 1 times
melahart mentions:
  @amatodesign: 1 times
mizzpink mentions:
  @DawncWalton: 1 times
  @LauraAWNTYM: 1 times
  @mossyrants: 1 times
billythekid mentions:
  @alphabitch: 1 times
  @sillybint: 1 times
susanacampos mentions:
  @AndreFrazao: 1 times
amygdamit mentions:
  @1raymo: 1 times
  @deeznutz: 1 times
rumford mentions:
  @Wiseleo: 1 times
youareonvisual mentions:
  @CAProjects: 1 times
  @3DWorldMag: 1 times
  @ImagineFX: 1 times
  @netmag: 1 times
  @DCPOTY: 1 times
  @MacFormat: 1 times
  @ComputerArts: 1 times
_f_wind mentions:
  @uksius: 1 times
  @fanarsenala: 1 times
  @shizZza: 1 times
  @artmax: 1 times
  @Bulgarin: 1 times
  @zetroot: 1 times
  @tkot: 1 times
  @powerflip: 1 times
  @LaEstafa: 1 times
  @otello1: 1 times
kronbergacademy mentions:
  @classicanetwork: 1 times
  @kulturpost: 1 times
  @vioworld: 1 times
  @kukumarketing: 1 times
  @klbkultur: 1 times
awaisnaseer mentions:
  @enked: 1 times
  @ruchirfalodiya: 1 times
  @skdev: 1 times
  @awaisnaseer: 1 times
  @bloggingdiary: 1 times
  @zawadiftikhar: 1 times
  @blessAyesha: 1 times
jaccots mentions:
  @toodleloo: 1 times
  @PHILIPSVS: 1 times
andymarczak mentions:
  @mountfabric: 1 times
  @sellaband: 1 times
isntit mentions:
  @swineshead: 1 times
  @electricspectre: 1 times
  @isntit: 1 times
  @wwmothers: 1 times
  @Swineshead: 1 times
ssanchez mentions:
  @andymassey: 1 times
henrijunttila mentions:
  @soultravelers3: 1 times
sclarkson1987 mentions:
  @bobbiealice: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @DeanBonham: 1 times
jsamuelson mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @jsamuelson: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @imrananwar: 1 times
greenstreetsoft mentions:
  @Skins: 1 times
  @lovelessandmore: 1 times
  @mervlukeba: 1 times
  @belchingdevil: 1 times
ben_waters mentions:
  @coledude: 1 times
  @MikeJMcGhee: 1 times
  @AndrewRatcliffe: 1 times
  @GarethCrew: 1 times
wetaworkshop mentions:
  @Count3D: 1 times
  @roosterteeth: 1 times
  @UniversalPics: 1 times
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @MiramaxFilms: 1 times
carolw mentions:
  @thebigfelafel: 2 times
lizloz mentions:
  @alkhemistmark: 1 times
  @aspo1: 1 times
  @cavorting: 1 times
  @ChrisGN: 1 times
  @Bass: 1 times
  @BigDaws: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @PembsDave: 1 times
seagyn mentions:
  @justinmccall: 1 times
ilovepie mentions:
  @AttentionJunkie: 1 times
  @walkaboutkiwi: 1 times
tracey1972 mentions:
  @paultheplumber: 1 times
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @TessMorris: 1 times
  @scrumpyhumpy: 1 times
careerbreakhqs mentions:
  @brianpeters: 1 times
  @irelaunch: 1 times
  @joostvG: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @craigmartin: 1 times
  @hobonora: 1 times
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @4suitcases: 1 times
rohy mentions:
  @macacodasorte: 1 times
rmwb mentions:
  @AARNet: 1 times
  @MaggieLuczynska: 1 times
  @kinshasha: 1 times
  @kheerand: 1 times
  @jsankar: 1 times
  @KLDCMGSE: 1 times
  @cameronreilly: 1 times
  @visibleprocrast: 1 times
  @brisvegas1: 1 times
  @natecochrane: 1 times
halfheadhenry mentions:
  @MayerHawthorne: 1 times
oscardelben mentions:
  @julpi: 1 times
mr_jmm mentions:
  @stepheneyre: 1 times
  @themistral: 1 times
petipak mentions:
  @badsmiley: 1 times
300miles mentions:
  @mikecoulter: 1 times
  @cycleworlduk: 1 times
  @365er: 1 times
zoraphina mentions:
  @eliteordefeat: 1 times
  @NatashaHunt: 1 times
merlok mentions:
  @Piratenpartei: 1 times
fear2love mentions:
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
  @GabrielaKortsch: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @Toltecjohn: 1 times
  @paulhaynes: 1 times
  @mehrukh1: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @spreadingjoy: 1 times
strybe mentions:
  @PurpleSteve: 1 times
  @Dave1601: 1 times
philchecinski mentions:
  @aviers: 1 times
  @TopCitizenside: 1 times
johannabd mentions:
  @SuperTriviaGuy: 1 times
  @JohannaBD: 1 times
tomdavenport mentions:
  @haynesdave: 1 times
  @soundcloud: 1 times
muzachan mentions:
  @goebicyu: 1 times
  @ajep: 1 times
  @dosankodebbie: 1 times
  @yamada25: 1 times
  @bigplrbear: 1 times
  @masamiiiiiiii: 1 times
  @Akaas: 1 times
  @simplyjesslee: 1 times
kloeschen mentions:
  @Nerdsnacks: 1 times
  @: 1 times
seodeluxe mentions:
  @foxx21: 1 times
  @frankthetank: 1 times
  @121Wattt: 1 times
  @theDukeOfSEO: 1 times
  @pktweets: 1 times
  @AlBundy: 1 times
  @AlGore: 1 times
  @AlCapone: 1 times
  @Mediadonis: 1 times
  @indianernews: 1 times
  @CodersX: 1 times
ben_jarelbo mentions:
  @smartstartcoach: 1 times
  @juliawb: 1 times
  @Jenndwag: 1 times
  @LizRhea: 1 times
  @javagrma: 1 times
mortylefkoe mentions:
  @MattBacak: 1 times
ellefie mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @ellefie: 1 times
scholesy111 mentions:
  @riversideboy: 1 times
impalaimpressio mentions:
  @mumstheboss: 1 times
  @blogcrazy: 1 times
venksh mentions:
  @Sn0wrose: 1 times
  @yashved2890: 1 times
  @VENKSH: 1 times
  @marcus105: 1 times
  @iamdpbeltran: 1 times
  @maikeru76: 1 times
  @cowboyJDanos: 1 times
phoenixstu mentions:
  @viztoptips: 1 times
  @Kellydeal: 1 times
harki mentions:
  @BCR: 1 times
bazdub mentions:
  @keza34: 1 times
  @BhanyShivvers: 1 times
  @Dublins98Dave: 1 times
  @TraceyHewins: 1 times
  @dermotwhelan: 1 times
  @eveus1978: 1 times
  @alandavies1: 1 times
webgrrlbiz mentions:
  @AdrianaG: 1 times
  @alanfindlater: 1 times
  @loudmouthman: 1 times
  @cathietranent: 1 times
  @bronwen: 1 times
  @tgracchus: 1 times
  @promedia: 1 times
alexvonvaupel mentions:
  @8c: 1 times
geppsdood mentions:
  @dejuanp: 1 times
courtmasta mentions:
  @Chimperator: 1 times
  @LilJD: 1 times
  @kaasmusic: 1 times
  @heiligeremilius: 1 times
  @Bucksen: 1 times
  @PSAIKODINO: 1 times
  @courtmasta: 1 times
  @AlibiSW: 1 times
  @BACKSPINMAG: 1 times
  @16barsde: 1 times
eogez mentions:
  @EmmanuelGadenne: 1 times
  @eogez: 1 times
  @RichardCoffre: 1 times
  @AurelienGirard: 1 times
  @ppm: 1 times
  @biclounegirl: 1 times
robinmatthewfry mentions:
  @princesscatie: 1 times
sidneymohede mentions:
  @marthinnayoan: 1 times
  @DianaLydia: 1 times
  @kennygo: 1 times
  @sidneymohede: 1 times
  @randolphmanoe: 1 times
johncurtin mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
  @ReneeBWalker: 1 times
docdelete mentions:
  @paulogabriel: 1 times
freischnauze mentions:
  @rachelzwitscher: 1 times
  @Steffel13: 1 times
  @infinity: 1 times
  @evoeiskalt: 1 times
  @buck: 1 times
hollysuel mentions:
  @chriscattaneo: 1 times
  @CotterHUE: 1 times
  @burcuakyol: 1 times
  @TheEngTeacher: 1 times
talesin mentions:
  @HamptonsHowie: 1 times
  @woodfloorlicker: 1 times
  @lingerlonger247: 1 times
  @mrlovkim: 1 times
  @fhrileys: 1 times
  @opieradio: 1 times
  @kennywallace: 1 times
  @mw55: 1 times
  @siriusbuzz: 1 times
callyrobson mentions:
  @lauratempleton: 1 times
markpinsent mentions:
  @MOwen: 1 times
  @GabbiCahane: 1 times
  @neilvose: 1 times
  @Petedevery: 1 times
  @grantie: 1 times
  @johneriksonany: 1 times
greenpeace mentions:
  @LOWwaterkeeper: 1 times
  @yero69: 1 times
  @lendmeyoureyes: 1 times
charmsoflight mentions:
  @ReikiAwakening: 1 times
  @charmsoflight: 1 times
allen1949 mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @JJReich: 1 times
  @sumptersam: 1 times
  @pamfider: 1 times
  @FFEvangelism: 1 times
  @PastorGreg: 1 times
  @christajayne: 1 times
  @AliceStegemann: 1 times
  @usavacantland: 1 times
  @brmbds: 1 times
tjhiggy mentions:
  @DrRez: 1 times
  @brianriggs: 1 times
  @MSPPartners: 1 times
  @JoshMaher: 1 times
  @Interop: 1 times
  @WinXnetUC: 1 times
  @nirmalmadhawa: 1 times
  @BITConsult: 1 times
  @windows7th: 1 times
  @tjhiggy: 1 times
matthewbragg mentions:
  @AureliePols: 1 times
  @TheGrok: 1 times
dootsiez mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
  @ReneeBWalker: 1 times
pksproperty mentions:
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
mike_online mentions:
  @Baclaran: 1 times
  @BrazenLass: 1 times
  @maraeuniceapos: 1 times
  @uiwuiw: 1 times
  @ValenValdez: 1 times
  @CharPrincessa: 1 times
  @moneyhere23: 1 times
  @CAI220: 1 times
j_ketch mentions:
  @GeneHunt: 11 times
kellyjohenwood mentions:
  @heatworld: 1 times
gambler86 mentions:
chris_speaks mentions:
  @erwinem: 1 times
  @debbieroes: 1 times
wh1sks mentions:
  @b4bbyrne: 1 times
  @brandanista: 1 times
  @David1969: 1 times
  @twosoups: 1 times
  @CatatonicCat: 1 times
  @rhodricymro: 1 times
  @viztoptips: 1 times
przemko mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
godjira mentions:
  @gogowear: 1 times
kskopek mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
nickrosenthal mentions:
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
debbieblock mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
kristennnnnnn mentions:
  @thatsenoughhoff: 1 times
nuttyjawa mentions:
  @threadless: 1 times
  @LaurenH: 1 times
  @XSmOk3BuBBl3zX: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @nuttyjawa: 1 times
ceggs mentions:
  @piginthepokeRT: 1 times
  @ceggs: 1 times
  @piginthepoke: 1 times
uppstuds mentions:
tarathralls mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
porchlightma mentions:
hellosascha mentions:
  @fys: 1 times
  @alanxday: 1 times
  @danfys: 1 times
jackiecameron1 mentions:
  @busytucker: 1 times
shutterhawk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
priteshgupta mentions:
  @visheshk: 1 times
  @jaq518: 1 times
  @phaoloo: 1 times
  @rmilana: 1 times
  @djonghs: 1 times
  @xginnyx: 1 times
  @karmanya: 1 times
vincenthunt mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
deutschetweeds mentions:
  @DeutscheTweeds: 1 times
punkflamingo mentions:
  @bostonrandy: 1 times
  @jpenaz: 1 times
  @tifftwin: 1 times
  @RedEyeFans: 1 times
  @politicsoffear: 1 times
  @michellechase: 1 times
  @spinlikeflynn: 1 times
  @hannahighpoint: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
dudebrochill mentions:
  @StDAY: 1 times
  @parachutesfail: 1 times
peterjthomas mentions:
  @mattredlon: 1 times
  @PeterJThomas: 1 times
  @decisionstats: 1 times
movawi mentions:
  @SimoneGrant: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @PrinceSelim: 1 times
  @bluenikki29: 1 times
  @SpikeTheLobster: 1 times
  @DjTimTim: 1 times
  @gothboy410: 1 times
seoleadbot mentions:
  @SharedInterest: 1 times
  @a451: 1 times
lonewolfleah mentions:
  @RosalieJHale: 1 times
  @DontlietoMaggie: 1 times
  @TiaHassan: 1 times
  @SweetDenali: 1 times
  @KateDenali: 1 times
  @southernnomad: 1 times
  @AlecVolturi: 1 times
  @JaneVolturi: 1 times
  @KingAro: 1 times
forscom mentions:
  @ArmyPRFlak: 1 times
  @afnlajes: 1 times
  @afnaviano: 1 times
  @afnspangdahlem: 1 times
  @afnrota: 1 times
  @afnyongsan: 1 times
  @afnosan: 1 times
  @afnkunsan: 1 times
  @afncasey: 1 times
  @afndaegu: 1 times
  @DobbinsARB: 1 times
seankain mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
  @ReneeBWalker: 1 times
bhyundai mentions:
  @BlkWydow: 1 times
  @dnajd: 1 times
  @bhyundai: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @eddruckman: 1 times
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @AshevilleAuto: 1 times
  @AshevilleNews: 1 times
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @MyersAutoFollowFriday: 1 times
lynn_4 mentions:
wodieskodie mentions:
  @NaiveLondonGirl: 1 times
  @wo0: 1 times
20q mentions:
  @bogod: 1 times
  @milagro88: 1 times
  @huggapig: 1 times
  @JoshMarino420: 1 times
  @bjam331: 1 times
  @Michlerish: 1 times
  @xAlisa: 1 times
  @AmmOSingh: 1 times
dnuoraselcric mentions:
  @gavinmonaghan: 1 times
  @thedisplaymodel: 1 times
  @DavinaMobbs: 1 times
  @RitualNet: 1 times
  @lawslp: 1 times
  @gabehabe: 1 times
  @ChrisAxe: 1 times
  @tinymicroserf: 1 times
  @yoshxl: 1 times
  @wood: 1 times
  @worrallo: 1 times
vjdeedee mentions:
  @MichaelJaegerTV: 1 times
  @tanith: 1 times
  @olschok: 1 times
  @scorch: 1 times
  @ennomane: 1 times
  @MartinGrandrath: 1 times
  @lokalheld: 1 times
  @ofinator: 1 times
  @mgoldmann: 1 times
  @Damir: 1 times
  @rosenkrieger: 1 times
emily_90 mentions:
  @KirstyHilton: 1 times
  @BrumpGPA: 1 times
  @Becky1691: 1 times
  @girlfromoz: 1 times
  @unahealyfan: 1 times
  @jaynecollinsmac: 1 times
  @keishabuchanan: 1 times
  @terryronald: 1 times
  @RareFashion: 1 times
iceprncesz mentions:
moom_light mentions:
  @Moomlight: 1 times
  @Labelleisa: 1 times
  @nchavardes: 1 times
  @P0temkin: 1 times
  @AThos: 1 times
  @chamoi: 1 times
  @ungeek: 1 times
  @DrMorisset: 1 times
parkhere mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
yourecoadvisor mentions:
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @moreeco: 1 times
  @greendig: 1 times
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
  @bydezin: 1 times
  @michaelqtodd: 1 times
  @naosuzuki: 1 times
fabianome mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
alagappan_nitt mentions:
jameswilson18 mentions:
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
armyprflak mentions:
  @afnlajes: 1 times
  @afnaviano: 1 times
  @afnspangdahlem: 1 times
  @afnrota: 1 times
  @afnyongsan: 1 times
  @afnosan: 1 times
  @afnkunsan: 1 times
  @afncasey: 1 times
  @afndaegu: 1 times
  @DobbinsARB: 1 times
luckyabhi mentions:
  @mihirlakhani: 1 times
attila mentions:
  @gauravity: 1 times
  @attila: 1 times
  @fleet: 1 times
  @jamesbardolph: 1 times
  @zoesobel: 1 times
pegasusnz mentions:
  @TheWineVault: 1 times
  @corinh: 1 times
wiseleo mentions:
  @Lacouvee: 1 times
weltuntergang mentions:
  @kleinerBaum: 1 times
  @weltuntergang: 1 times
joltonline mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @TimWestWood: 1 times
  @alanataylor: 1 times
pigeonpigeon mentions:
  @eastonellis: 1 times
xxcaro mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
michielmulder mentions:
  @billebaty: 1 times
cindystarnes mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
rdshare mentions:
  @rdshare: 2 times
urchino mentions:
  @LondonEater: 1 times
patrickgoss mentions:
  @shoegal007: 1 times
  @caroleharry: 1 times
  @davidhewson: 1 times
  @jmorell: 1 times
  @matblackmore: 1 times
  @indeh: 1 times
  @apdunne: 1 times
rachelzwitscher mentions:
  @frauschaaf: 1 times
vitorfraga mentions:
  @andremcarvalho: 1 times
davidcousens mentions:
  @moonjam: 1 times
  @lcsv4: 1 times
  @BenAndFi: 1 times
  @jstruan: 1 times
  @StephenChan: 1 times
  @kevspeck: 1 times
  @bigbouquet: 1 times
  @thunderchunkyuk: 1 times
  @thismanslife: 1 times
  @otakumag: 1 times
  @sarahcousens: 1 times
annaarco mentions:
  @msevangelista: 1 times
  @frmabura: 1 times
  @Liturgy: 1 times
  @padrejorge: 1 times
  @FatherTF: 1 times
  @frfrankpavone: 1 times
  @godzdogz: 1 times
  @fatherz: 1 times
sharoneden mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @sharoneden: 1 times
solentpedal mentions:
createasellout mentions:
  @RonGoch: 1 times
mackflei mentions:
  @rdshare: 2 times
texasg1rl83 mentions:
  @sozioland: 1 times
  @Mandalaia: 1 times
reedoh mentions:
  @winstonita: 1 times
rodneyquarcoo mentions:
  @ChristieBrownGh: 1 times
  @SVELTELLC: 1 times
  @ReneeQB: 1 times
a_mayer mentions:
  @LostinSweden: 1 times
  @cityrat59: 1 times
  @notonmyshift: 1 times
  @weconverse: 1 times
  @DoktorSpinn: 1 times
  @sofiatalvik: 1 times
  @JohnMellkvist: 1 times
weanieone mentions:
  @greenshoedgirls: 1 times
colinlewis mentions:
  @WWisewolf: 1 times
  @GwynT: 1 times
successsatatl mentions:
  @DjJudgeMental: 1 times
  @ProminencePR: 1 times
  @DVBL: 1 times
  @BEMagPlanB: 1 times
  @archieeversole: 1 times
  @musicjones: 1 times
  @JaiStone: 1 times
learningaffil mentions:
  @PLRContent: 1 times
  @nicheadvice4u: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @learningaffil: 1 times
  @bmcellhiney: 1 times
agingyouth mentions:
  @rollo11: 1 times
  @agingyouth: 1 times
  @kittywurecords: 1 times
mkcol mentions:
  @EvilGayTwin: 1 times
  @olixx: 1 times
  @AlbertKennedyTr: 1 times
mandoran mentions:
  @derekheath: 1 times
  @DrSamuelJohnson: 1 times
ryanhurst mentions:
  @cliveflint: 1 times
  @TheDarrenxshow: 1 times
  @Disklabs: 1 times
  @worldofblues: 1 times
family_support mentions:
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
  @kidsfirsttrust: 1 times
  @ENABLEscotland: 1 times
  @TSFbuzz: 1 times
  @eczemasupport: 1 times
  @dogstrust: 1 times
  @whizzkidz: 1 times
  @contactafamily: 1 times
lesminton mentions:
  @lesminton: 1 times
yigalcohen mentions:
  @GrantThomson: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @SteveStelzner: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
ianrobinson mentions:
  @intruth: 1 times
dlhalejr mentions:
  @timbury: 1 times
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @beedivine: 1 times
  @tryshz: 1 times
  @ElizabethN: 1 times
playgirlc mentions:
  @trimmtrab: 1 times
spiritualevity mentions:
  @butterflybeacon: 1 times
jasmine_woo_woo mentions:
  @grrrkitty: 1 times
  @MidnightTheDog: 1 times
mmaren mentions:
  @PamelaGlasner: 1 times
krystalsim mentions:
  @ShinyBiscuit: 1 times
jantunstill mentions:
  @Schofe: 1 times
  @andrewschof: 1 times
  @RSG3191: 1 times
  @ABPink: 1 times
  @windsorj: 1 times
  @Xenon21: 1 times
  @SharonTweet: 1 times
  @lynnali2: 1 times
  @Littlelin: 1 times
spamfromjapan mentions:
  @saltypear: 1 times
tara_tina mentions:
  @LoveFreeStuff: 1 times
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
  @Aussieover80: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @jamokie: 1 times
24k mentions:
  @IAmChrisFish: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
  @MyVegasScene: 1 times
  @Jhoggie: 1 times
thinkpositive30 mentions:
tourmaline1973 mentions:
  @ApolloPlus40: 1 times
  @therealBuzz: 1 times
  @AstroKDS: 1 times
  @RichardGarriott: 1 times
  @astrotim: 1 times
  @storymusgrave: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @AstroDude: 1 times
  @AstroMike: 1 times
iaingilmour mentions:
  @brykins: 1 times
  @iaingilmour: 1 times
seaninsound mentions:
  @ollierussian: 1 times
efratlev mentions:
  @LoveFreeStuff: 1 times
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
  @Aussieover80: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @jamokie: 1 times
shellicindberg mentions:
  @toddschlomer: 1 times
  @bunnypoo4U2: 1 times
  @eeakdss: 1 times
  @BadBoyNMD: 1 times
karin_phokus mentions:
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
  @JuliaRosien: 1 times
  @karinphokus: 1 times
  @TheTinyJEWELBox: 1 times
  @Transitionqueen: 1 times
  @BridgetCooKs: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
ghostcrabby mentions:
  @XceptNAnother: 1 times
  @ghostcrabby: 1 times
applemacgeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
in_his_name mentions:
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @MariposaGurl: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
  @prayingmother: 1 times
  @realLuka@AnAmericanOmen: 1 times
  @Yungmozes: 1 times
  @WCBDigest: 1 times
  @vickidauer: 1 times
celebritygeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
facebookgeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
mmageek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
quotesgeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
thegooglegeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
twitt3rgeek mentions:
  @DriesSchaballie: 1 times
  @FrederiekPascal: 1 times
arualsnikpoh mentions:
  @PittBullSharky: 1 times
  @JewelLia: 1 times
sokeri mentions:
  @emzbulletproof: 1 times
mmseason mentions:
  @childrenstrust: 1 times
faerierebel mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 2 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
barritz mentions:
  @Mestiza527: 1 times
tommytimepodz mentions:
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @nikdamez: 1 times
msminah718 mentions:
  @Bam1987tv: 1 times
  @bhyphen: 1 times
  @HesoFamous: 1 times
  @hesofamous: 1 times
  @nathanmfarrugia: 1 times
  @msminah718: 1 times
  @Freshkid1: 1 times
patlike mentions:
  @johnnyminkley: 1 times
  @sexyexecutive: 1 times
him357 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
offasdyke4ms mentions:
  @WoodGreen: 1 times
rainbowtotz mentions:
  @InkyTinx: 1 times
  @ionacosmetics: 1 times
kunalcontractor mentions:
  @dominiccampbell: 1 times
norbridge mentions:
  @NannygoatAlley: 1 times
  @Collectable: 1 times
arahasya mentions:
  @dakiniwendy: 1 times
  @dakinishakti: 1 times
  @thisiscrys: 1 times
  @openinglotus: 1 times
cyberfux mentions:
  @bersheba: 2 times
  @cyberfux: 1 times
momrn mentions:
  @FamilyDoctorMag: 1 times
amifoldunk mentions:
  @menybon: 1 times
  @hepibaba: 1 times
  @menyus50: 1 times
  @Jessica: 1 times
nugmag mentions:
  @PotLegalization: 1 times
  @Xclusive: 1 times
  @NyQwil: 1 times
  @WEEDMASTER: 1 times
  @TeeMoneyGzz: 1 times
  @FirstKlassRegg: 1 times
  @nugmag: 1 times
  @kiDMyst3ry: 1 times
  @gammaboyhaoz: 1 times
15th mentions:
  @glenngreenwald: 1 times
  @JonHenke: 1 times
sleepbettertips mentions:
  @BigSleepShow: 1 times
  @dstillw: 1 times
  @ezCPAP: 1 times
  @HMCRespiratory: 1 times
  @gosleepseattle: 1 times
  @juliarosien: 1 times
gopeterfacineli mentions:
  @CorrinaT: 1 times
  @QnSlipstream: 1 times
  @TheJBlack: 1 times
  @TheRenCullen: 1 times
nattyheavy mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @DIPTNYC: 1 times
  @djrdot: 1 times
  @nattyheavy: 1 times
  @smitty81: 1 times
  @brwndrby: 1 times
  @KatieKern: 1 times
  @brunsonstafford: 1 times
gilbirmingham mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
firstforcopy mentions:
  @Raycast: 1 times
  @JustTooBusy: 1 times
  @eddieizzard: 1 times
byronnewmedia mentions:
  @maritzaparra: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @MarvinTowler: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @jeffherring: 1 times
  @ByronNewMedia: 1 times
  @TomVMorris: 1 times
spidervideo mentions:
transitionqueen mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
andrewgrill mentions:
  @theredrocket: 1 times
  @chrisgreen: 1 times
  @drewb: 1 times
  @lewiswebb: 1 times
  @charlesarthur: 1 times
  @AndrewGrill: 1 times
chessietd mentions:
  @harvestatjimmys: 1 times
bbrriittttyy mentions:
  @TownHallSteps1: 1 times
mystacon mentions:
  @ltxiltx: 1 times
rsandfo mentions:
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @screamingeagle1: 1 times
kolorr mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
missrachilli mentions:
  @downwithdesign: 1 times
  @patternhead: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @BenAndFi: 1 times
  @thunderchunkyuk: 1 times
  @CAProjects: 1 times
  @DavidCousens: 1 times
rtcelebrity mentions:
  @AgnesAviiki: 1 times
  @brookeburke: 1 times
ozmusiq mentions:
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @DHughesy: 1 times
_twit_ter mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
gr8fulmouse mentions:
  @marymac: 1 times
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
  @TexDolly: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @taopauly: 1 times
vorstadtmoritz mentions:
  @VorstadtMax: 1 times
  @knoxx: 1 times
  @flockenfotze: 1 times
  @kleinermundvoll: 1 times
  @luke: 1 times
  @Buddleja: 1 times
  @GaySiegessaeule: 1 times
grattongirl mentions:
  @JaneCWoods: 1 times
  @grattongirl: 1 times
hamperlady mentions:
  @GeneHuntfollowfriday: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 10 times
jsclavos mentions:
  @internetakias: 1 times
  @MaryLout: 1 times
feltano mentions:
  @lovelylisaj: 1 times
  @themib: 1 times
  @girlsaloudmedia: 1 times
  @liambowery: 1 times
  @Wereuntouchable: 1 times
  @TheWorkTour: 1 times
  @chimologyorg: 1 times
  @NicolaRobertsUK: 1 times
lifeinthegalaxy mentions:
  @MovingLight: 1 times
  @DynamicArtHouse: 1 times
  @RadiantHeart: 1 times
  @SophieLhoste: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
thinkingplace mentions:
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @ChipEFT: 1 times
  @lillianwong: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @danamarieart: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
mpers mentions:
  @daveaisling: 1 times
dropsofreign mentions:
  @Chrissyismshappy: 1 times
rosiegoa mentions:
  @yellowgoatetsy: 1 times
  @RosieGoa: 1 times
  @Silkfair: 1 times
  @creaturecomfort: 1 times
  @shopmollyd: 1 times
  @goodgosh: 1 times
  @EmmaCossey: 1 times
ecoartist mentions:
  @paramitribe: 1 times
  @OhioEnviro: 1 times
  @ecoject: 1 times
  @aleloop: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @nikko11: 1 times
healthkicker mentions:
  @dbwrite4u: 1 times
  @FiTgirl: 1 times
  @askSugar: 1 times
  @lilyFit: 1 times
_3_ mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
yonasu mentions:
  @karasukun: 1 times
  @amynugget: 1 times
  @euniqueflair: 1 times
  @Muzachan: 1 times
  @ecchigoshujin: 1 times
  @AustinOtaku: 1 times
  @sakuramaruu: 1 times
  @nemsan: 1 times
patrickredknap mentions:
  @JamieFishback: 1 times
rockstaratheart mentions:
  @ivybean104: 1 times
  @dressvintage: 1 times
  @jupiterrising: 1 times
  @brendyn: 1 times
  @ethansuplee: 1 times
  @linda045: 1 times
  @shobizzy: 1 times
  @ichcheezburger: 1 times
  @ohsovibrant: 1 times
  @cajunvegan: 1 times
gansettbeach mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
geekarlier mentions:
  @Araen: 1 times
  @weLoveUfunk: 1 times
  @justepourdire: 1 times
  @Audiofeeline: 1 times
  @PofMagicfingers: 1 times
els_bels mentions:
  @heatworld: 1 times
skankyfish mentions:
  @greenteagirl: 1 times
oakleighvermont mentions:
  @follownathan: 1 times
  @VoicesVT: 1 times
  @CarShareVermont: 1 times
  @OakleighVermont: 1 times
  @Vermontcom: 1 times
  @VermontTweeter: 1 times
  @magicHat: 1 times
  @roundbarnfar: 1 times
bibbledribble mentions:
  @totallytots: 1 times
  @molliemoo2: 1 times
  @impalaimressio: 1 times
  @alisonrothwell: 1 times
  @ChiggsLtd: 1 times
  @TotsCorner: 1 times
  @babssaul: 1 times
  @munchkinmelodie: 1 times
  @greatbabythings: 1 times
withoutmotive mentions:
  @Zatannna: 1 times
korayem mentions:
  @sadekhm: 1 times
  @3GFalcon: 1 times
  @3arabawy: 1 times
  @Ammouni: 1 times
  @alexzawya: 1 times
  @nightS: 1 times
  @Neeart: 1 times
  @mshakour: 1 times
  @nayira: 1 times
  @SherineGamal: 1 times
  @chaotixfusion: 1 times
jamash mentions:
  @awaisnaseer: 2 times
  @kursed: 1 times
  @lipstickmasala: 1 times
  @awaisathar: 1 times
  @jadoon88: 1 times
  @SabaImtiaz: 1 times
  @selfexile: 1 times
  @ReallyVirtual: 1 times
siggidori mentions:
pekka_hannonen mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @BillBeavers: 1 times
  @Lightcoaching: 1 times
  @CarlNorman: 1 times
  @ValDehline: 1 times
  @DavidLyfe: 1 times
  @tradethecycles: 1 times
  @RoseGoddess: 1 times
  @irisush: 1 times
soho_tips mentions:
  @LDN: 1 times
wamcare mentions:
  @joecassels: 1 times
  @WAMCARE: 1 times
  @perpetualspiral: 1 times
  @wiccan13: 1 times
  @nicolajanebaker: 1 times
  @redtoffee: 1 times
jacqueline_jane mentions:
sexysarahnguyen mentions:
  @WHSwagspeare: 1 times
  @MissHKS: 1 times
  @porthcawlhel: 1 times
  @PlsDontSayIt: 1 times
  @Jen7850: 1 times
  @munchkinhugs: 1 times
  @FLYNAENAE: 1 times
  @8twillia8: 1 times
  @achalasa: 1 times
  @iJoyRadio: 1 times
vanessa_wolfe mentions:
  @DoctorCUllen: 1 times
  @Esme: 1 times
  @RoseCullenHale: 1 times
  @AliceC: 1 times
  @EACullen: 1 times
mariaeduarte mentions:
  @Berrador: 1 times
themistral mentions:
  @DanBorley: 1 times
  @themistral: 1 times
twicapucine mentions:
godwind mentions:
  @CannesLions: 1 times
itssibneybitch mentions:
  @heatworld: 2 times
derekcollins79 mentions:
  @BruceDCollins: 1 times
  @PIDRadio: 1 times
  @derekgilbert: 1 times
  @FandCShow: 1 times
  @stevenjmchenry: 1 times
  @Stereotruth: 1 times
  @tonisibert: 1 times
  @GMartin: 1 times
  @LarryMSummers: 1 times
lynndanielletre mentions:
  @HawaiianLife: 1 times
  @JoyceMason: 1 times
  @Isagra: 1 times
  @SherryPCMO: 1 times
  @LynnDanielleTre: 1 times
diannabonner mentions:
  @Dameunited: 1 times
theimp67 mentions:
  @futuredirected: 1 times
  @Zincplatepress: 1 times
snekazoo mentions:
  @BadNJBroad: 1 times
  @DJSTAIFLY: 1 times
  @DJYoungFresh: 1 times
  @fashionJunQui: 1 times
  @Feeway730: 1 times
  @femalesnkrfiend: 1 times
  @lalavazquez: 1 times
  @MsLadiBugg: 1 times
  @VVegas: 1 times
1rick mentions:
  @alexbowman: 1 times
  @eyeseast: 1 times
  @karamoon: 1 times
  @thehumanuaght: 1 times
fletchmcgull mentions:
  @fraserke: 1 times
  @dogstrust: 1 times
sarahnewton mentions:
  @PeoplemapsJulie: 1 times
  @ukdivorce: 1 times
  @sarahnewton: 1 times
  @yvonnerice: 1 times
  @EmilylaGrange: 1 times
  @amypalko: 1 times
  @heatherbestelgood: 1 times
woodlandspirit mentions:
  @Amalaya: 2 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @Kassandeira: 2 times
  @Tuism: 2 times
  @natakanblog: 1 times
  @crside: 1 times
  @DAREvolutionary: 1 times
easthawaiiarts mentions:
  @thinkaboutart: 1 times
unicornoflove mentions:
  @jefholbrook: 1 times
livileah88 mentions:
  @porthcawlhel: 1 times
  @WeeWifie1981: 1 times
davebarz mentions:
  @hhcorner: 1 times
nmjunction mentions:
  @ericbeard: 1 times
  @TheLauraPrice: 1 times
  @MarkoMentor: 1 times
  @susiecheng: 1 times
  @NMJUNCTION: 1 times
  @CEOGuy: 1 times
  @sdevon: 1 times
mscator mentions:
  @orangy68: 2 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @earthmom22: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @mscator: 1 times
dave_nicholson mentions:
  @GarryParkes: 2 times
  @HNatarajan: 1 times
  @DaveNicholson: 1 times
  @bobgarrett: 1 times
  @ifischer: 1 times
  @AnnShipley: 1 times
  @varassanan: 1 times
majiebug mentions:
  @SteampunkTales: 1 times
mystrogen mentions:
  @fuertesknight: 1 times
  @djharrylove: 1 times
  @abjekt: 1 times
  @thelastskeptik: 1 times
  @BBManik: 1 times
  @MakeMeMusic: 1 times
  @ballerstatus: 1 times
  @urban: 1 times
jgphl mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @WineGuyMike: 1 times
  @ChristieSilver: 1 times
  @ThomasCastillo: 1 times
fuertesknight mentions:
  @MrEyekandy: 1 times
lilac_sky mentions:
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
  @Fareground: 1 times
  @intheshed: 1 times
paulums mentions:
  @andyroser24: 1 times
  @loveyoumoreMJ: 1 times
  @jonathanwildman: 1 times
  @proudtoplay: 1 times
dog_lovers mentions:
  @Yourdogfood: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @ihelpanimals: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @ymuttley1: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
mrgreenthumb mentions:
  @Yourdogfood: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @ihelpanimals: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @ymuttley1: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
labattboo mentions:
  @scoobycarolan: 1 times
  @DJMoReX: 1 times
  @jeremydigital: 1 times
  @hiscoresboards: 1 times
  @shortxstack: 1 times
  @xicegrillz: 1 times
  @christignor: 1 times
  @elvraine: 1 times
  @bigjoesmith: 1 times
bagcoffee mentions:
  @changeforiran: 1 times
  @ahmenidijad: 1 times
andrewturner mentions:
  @atphotography: 1 times
  @JamesW: 1 times
  @thrivegraphics: 1 times
  @NathanBrauer: 1 times
  @desingerdepot: 1 times
  @nourayehia: 1 times
  @crhrisspooner: 1 times
aryane mentions:
  @Emergent007: 1 times
  @Aryane: 1 times
  @chantalbeaupre: 1 times
  @GaetaneBeaupre: 1 times
  @NancyVigneault: 1 times
  @Focus20: 1 times
bibliopet mentions:
  @Jasminewoowoo: 1 times
  @zoehuskydog: 1 times
darkened_jade mentions:
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
stuttgarttweets mentions:
  @konze: 1 times
  @ha75: 1 times
  @TeeTrizZz: 1 times
  @128194: 1 times
  @traukainehm: 1 times
  @blu3h3r0: 1 times
  @valandi: 1 times
  @kesslermichael: 1 times
  @Typo87: 1 times
  @tomalode: 1 times
  @22JoM06: 1 times
hazedavis mentions:
  @iainaitch: 1 times
  @pcarswell: 1 times
  @andreawren: 1 times
  @Cr8tveBarnsley: 1 times
  @cupidsbow: 1 times
  @MissCay: 1 times
  @TrainAndPenny: 1 times
eve_venn mentions:
  @pauldeleeuw: 1 times
  @kimikirtee: 1 times
  @richardbarley: 1 times
  @SaraHess: 1 times
  @MSchmidtStudios: 1 times
  @SnakeLinkSonic: 1 times
  @PJALEHuddyfan: 1 times
  @HuddyOnline: 1 times
vivmondo mentions:
  @karmachord: 1 times
  @tylermassey: 1 times
  @hillkath: 1 times
  @MKupperman: 1 times
  @lizlemmon: 1 times
  @RogueLeader: 1 times
faulko1 mentions:
  @LilithClaire: 1 times
  @RickyBee: 1 times
  @EliseHarris: 1 times
  @Caroljs: 1 times
  @Faulko1: 1 times
  @jwdoom: 1 times
  @Bobthenurse: 1 times
jreck mentions:
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
blogmarketingdk mentions:
  @mikkeljuhl: 1 times
  @BlogMarketingDK: 1 times
  @thorborg: 1 times
  @hblunck: 1 times
  @yarostarak: 1 times
drjfpmd mentions:
  @Fibrohaven: 1 times
dogsitters mentions:
  @EnergyGeekCa: 1 times
  @betafish: 1 times
  @biofriendlyblog: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @bonitaford: 1 times
  @buildbabybuild: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @CarbonSmart: 1 times
  @CharityDev: 1 times
mikkeljuhl_dk mentions:
  @BlogMarketingDK: 2 times
  @mikkeljuhl: 1 times
  @thorborg: 1 times
  @hblunck: 1 times
  @yarostarak: 1 times
fraybaby mentions:
  @Mom30: 1 times
  @Upstatemomof3: 1 times
  @Mom13: 1 times
  @mom23greatgirls: 1 times
  @KiddiesCorner: 1 times
sonnyb4u mentions:
  @lovelyLuann: 1 times
  @maytheb: 1 times
  @SunriseShowdown: 1 times
  @animeradio: 1 times
  @Jyanenbar: 1 times
  @whsiao: 1 times
  @sweetzlala: 1 times
  @mega: 1 times
  @mcmarlond: 1 times
  @supremeWilson: 1 times
  @viaHourt: 1 times
lisaannkaplan mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
burgerbaroness mentions:
  @flamingokitty: 2 times
  @rockon365: 1 times
  @andersonmelissa: 1 times
  @Nannerland: 1 times
  @burgerbaroness: 1 times
pattyhuntington mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
haroldmellor mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
sunnyknight mentions:
  @kristony14: 1 times
  @Simo82: 1 times
  @jordansnurse: 1 times
  @stacvaness: 1 times
  @Barnum78: 1 times
  @littleangel6147: 1 times
  @AZNKOTBGirl: 1 times
  @SunnyKnight: 1 times
elligraz mentions:
  @urbannerdsFollowFriday: 1 times
  @DJTayo: 2 times
4thqtrcoach mentions:
  @ShemTovCfollowfriday: 1 times
  @Cosmosgirl: 1 times
  @jennifer: 1 times
  @fredmiller: 1 times
  @joshkocurek: 1 times
  @JimBarnthouse: 1 times
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @DixieDynamite: 1 times
killeader mentions:
  @darklovers: 1 times
  @scrabysys: 1 times
olmertyair mentions:
  @ColeLorenBauer: 1 times
  @olmertyair: 1 times
  @kevinweisman: 1 times
  @freaksonbikes: 1 times
  @LynziLoo: 1 times
  @ICMovies: 1 times
billcarey mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
zdevans mentions:
  @jderykfollowfriday: 1 times
  @popeBXVI: 1 times
  @FrMabura: 1 times
  @Frandy: 1 times
  @FatherZ: 1 times
  @padrejorge: 1 times
  @DavidHess: 1 times
  @zdevans: 1 times
  @dpillie: 1 times
  @briansikma: 1 times
  @momofmercy: 1 times
generalsmuts mentions:
  @imogenheap: 1 times
  @anachronous: 1 times
  @timidheathen: 1 times
  @cpfcrox: 1 times
  @wassupeunuch: 1 times
emination mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
jackiekessler mentions:
  @RichelleMead: 1 times
  @lilithsaintcrow: 1 times
  @heatherbrewer: 1 times
  @StaceyJay: 1 times
seanboudreau mentions:
  @LaurieMaddux: 1 times
  @Soopertrev: 1 times
  @AndyLevy: 1 times
  @Dezine: 1 times
  @Palinspired: 1 times
  @Vermontaigne: 1 times
  @Jimmythenoble: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @BluegrassPundit: 1 times
  @Codeezra: 1 times
shygamer mentions:
  @K4SEnt: 1 times
  @Bball4life: 1 times
  @famousdude: 1 times
  @LESBIANATION: 1 times
  @BornInIniquity: 1 times
  @QueenPenelope: 1 times
  @MissJia: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @FoxxFiles: 1 times
  @ladyw87: 1 times
theknickermafia mentions:
  @Sheffman2: 1 times
  @theknickermafia: 1 times
crazy4jericho mentions:
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @LittleMissDx: 1 times
  @panamawasp: 1 times
  @iamjericho: 1 times
  @secondpower: 1 times
anniecorriveau mentions:
  @NMEmagazine: 1 times
  @MakeItInMusic: 1 times
  @SellingGenius: 1 times
  @nialldevitt: 1 times
  @DazedMagazine: 1 times
  @Remixmagazine: 1 times
jea mentions:
  @ponor: 1 times
  @RWW: 1 times
  @marshallk: 1 times
  @Chadie: 1 times
  @stiftet: 1 times
  @Profy: 1 times
  @NRKbeta: 1 times
  @AmandaLovkvist: 1 times
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
  @KristinLowe: 1 times
leunix mentions:
pixelproject mentions:
  @whywomen: 1 times
  @CRASAC: 1 times
myrawchef mentions:
  @DeeCrenshaw: 1 times
  @myrawchef: 1 times
  @rawpomona: 1 times
  @elevatedmind: 1 times
  @LiveJoy: 1 times
  @Dhrumil: 1 times
  @deeCrenshaw: 1 times
wdmuk mentions:
momma_sunshine mentions:
  @bubblewench: 1 times
simonmagus mentions:
  @eatlikeagirl: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @martinxo: 1 times
  @BridgetCooKs: 1 times
  @celiabb: 1 times
  @papaginospizza: 1 times
jdickerson mentions:
  @ktumulty: 1 times
  @hchuaeoan: 1 times
  @time: 1 times
sulaswalkabout mentions:
  @ITMarie: 1 times
  @mobileseiten: 1 times
  @RiskEngeneering: 1 times
  @Kaffeedoc: 1 times
  @rpgasp: 1 times
  @Telefongott: 1 times
ayellowhouse mentions:
  @BritBoy: 1 times
  @DeanaMartina: 1 times
  @PYNTK: 1 times
  @theblogrollers: 1 times
  @blogtalkradio: 1 times
  @MelanaOnThePath: 1 times
  @editi: 1 times
  @alisonlodge: 1 times
  @lidian: 1 times
  @mjgolch: 1 times
bradshorr mentions:
  @barbararozgonyi: 1 times
persa mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @copyblogger: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @halvorson: 1 times
gogogvo mentions:
  @AnnaCooper: 1 times
  @twinternetmoney: 1 times
  @ngcasia: 1 times
  @DINA: 1 times
switchinggranny mentions:
  @nursewriter: 1 times
fyldelibraries mentions:
  @worduplancs: 1 times
  @lancslibraries: 1 times
  @onrl: 1 times
  @TheBookseller: 1 times
  @readingagency: 1 times
  @youthlibraries: 1 times
  @bradfordlibs247: 1 times
sidthecatahoula mentions:
  @mickeychat: 1 times
  @popsicola: 1 times
  @lolashowgirl: 1 times
  @jorton: 1 times
blackfonzarelli mentions:
  @BlackLiqfollowfriday: 1 times
  @WilliamDynamite: 1 times
  @freeze804: 1 times
  @repeatnone: 1 times
  @stefanodimera: 1 times
  @blackfonzarelli: 1 times
  @NoahO: 1 times
  @BigJae804: 1 times
  @mrmy: 1 times
inchoo mentions:
  @surgeworks: 1 times
alibee16 mentions:
  @tradingnothing: 1 times
  @Moonchild66: 1 times
  @TattooedMummy: 1 times
probson mentions:
  @daz2728: 1 times
  @SteelPanther: 1 times
mserica187 mentions:
  @TheresaTrujillo: 1 times
abilityamerica mentions:
  @specialhockey: 1 times
ajbartholomew mentions:
  @vruddy: 1 times
noxhanti mentions:
  @GARSTANGHOTEL: 1 times
  @Weezos: 1 times
ktsetsi mentions:
  @BackwordBooks: 1 times
bktassava mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @BRACpet: 1 times
  @AAHAHelpingPets: 1 times
  @collageartist: 1 times
  @dvm360: 1 times
  @VetPartners: 1 times
  @MadMacs: 1 times
  @marydesigns: 1 times
  @HolisticPetDr: 1 times
caymanpirate mentions:
hellonorthga mentions:
  @TheTravelExpert: 1 times
joeunni mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
ponor mentions:
  @jea: 1 times
  @RWW: 1 times
  @marshallk: 1 times
  @Chadie: 1 times
  @stiftet: 1 times
  @Profy: 1 times
  @NRKbeta: 1 times
  @AmandaLovkvist: 1 times
  @paulocoelho: 1 times
  @KristinLowe: 1 times
willmize mentions:
  @leighannlord: 1 times
  @shippey: 1 times
  @cschoenfeld: 1 times
  @jonfavreau: 1 times
  @johnstossel: 1 times
madhatterhowie mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @usmcwives: 1 times
  @joethejarhead: 1 times
  @WomenMarines: 1 times
  @usmc: 1 times
  @jmackinday: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
  @oifoefangels: 1 times
  @LeadingMarines: 1 times
  @VFWHQ: 1 times
iammag mentions:
  @leunix: 1 times
lisarobbinyoung mentions:
  @giantpotential: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @liajen: 1 times
  @debbiefranklin: 1 times
  @gypsyowl: 1 times
  @lisarobbinyoung: 1 times
  @seandonahoe: 1 times
shrmcoo mentions:
  @RHHR: 1 times
lauramcveigh mentions:
  @gimbird: 1 times
  @kadyxxx: 1 times
  @pob34: 1 times
  @mattdavey2: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
  @mrsfudgecrumpet: 1 times
  @nessie111: 1 times
  @andysmailes: 1 times
  @chrisaxe: 1 times
joemuggins mentions:
  @BenHundreds: 1 times
  @trvsbrkr@markhoppus@bobbyhundreds: 1 times
  @neothermic@sweetflutterby: 1 times
heymcmuffin mentions:
  @heymcmuffin: 1 times
bhandarimegha mentions:
  @bhandarimegha@MTVindia: 1 times
whitehawk mentions:
  @luacintilante: 1 times
servantofchaos mentions:
  @anotheradwanker: 1 times
  @Magnetoboldtoo: 1 times
  @neerav: 1 times
  @mediahunter: 1 times
  @neekatron: 1 times
  @swoodruff: 1 times
  @awrd: 1 times
  @ConversationAge: 1 times
  @mindblob: 1 times
costigaj mentions:
  @pmradio: 1 times
  @HSBSuzanne: 1 times
deca_dietitian mentions:
  @EmmaStirling: 1 times
  @mameo65: 1 times
  @BurstingwPride: 1 times
caregiving mentions:
  @moonstruckmania: 1 times
  @SafetyNetSource: 1 times
  @daccarte: 1 times
  @paulsnash: 1 times
  @portlandist: 1 times
  @sleepjunky: 1 times
  @bobalert: 1 times
iledere mentions:
  @velvetescape: 1 times
deecrenshaw mentions:
  @SuperfoodGirl: 1 times
  @TeraWarner: 1 times
  @homebasedrob: 1 times
  @rawliving: 1 times
  @dlyaffirmations: 1 times
  @RawEpicurean: 1 times
  @RawFoodGuru: 1 times
speli mentions:
  @drinlow: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
ruudhein mentions:
  @quotesnack: 1 times
hamesj mentions:
  @meghankathleen: 1 times
  @EmmaJoan: 1 times
  @WalterReedArmy: 1 times
dbsalk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
timinwimbledon mentions:
  @NBec: 1 times
  @tarynvonfabu: 1 times
  @heyjudelewis: 1 times
  @TizzyG: 1 times
  @timinwimbledon: 1 times
  @beteneko: 1 times
  @benburrell: 1 times
chris2lockwood mentions:
  @Chanibell: 1 times
vilaoooo mentions:
  @larazm: 1 times
  @Djowvi: 1 times
  @PedroMS: 1 times
  @maurisboffil: 1 times
d4mo mentions:
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @ElMonte: 1 times
  @ScottMonty: 1 times
  @franci: 1 times
  @daewok: 1 times
  @D4MO: 1 times
  @foxiehaha: 1 times
  @scottgillen: 1 times
mrbusinessgolf mentions:
  @AugustaGolfGirl: 1 times
  @ExecGolfMag: 1 times
quakerquotes mentions:
  @teambudd1: 1 times
  @DavidPDiana: 1 times
  @QuakerQuotes: 1 times
  @kelleyalexander: 1 times
  @cafemercury: 1 times
  @DjNneka: 1 times
womenforchange mentions:
  @LoveBScott: 1 times
  @NecoleBitchie: 1 times
  @theyhadsaid: 1 times
  @queenmisha: 1 times
  @Liloumace: 1 times
  @desireebanugo: 1 times
  @StateofMariland: 1 times
  @EbonyStar55: 1 times
ezander mentions:
  @fotobuch: 1 times
  @DianaKhalil: 1 times
  @hakandahlstrom: 1 times
  @ezander: 1 times
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
  @belola: 1 times
  @comix: 1 times
  @koellerkoeln: 1 times
organizersandy mentions:
  @MilitaryMama: 1 times
jchernandezjazz mentions:
  @ultraleetj: 1 times
  @conner42: 1 times
  @PianoGeek: 1 times
  @gabrielhaney: 1 times
  @aferomckinney: 1 times
  @sandramogensen: 1 times
  @stefanrenz: 1 times
  @rootsworld: 1 times
stanisms mentions:
  @Djalfy: 1 times
  @explosivityy: 1 times
  @caseykent: 1 times
  @DaisyReyes: 1 times
  @meriel: 1 times
  @lynne08: 1 times
  @rainydayowls: 1 times
  @melissaLMAO: 1 times
  @BreatheSuccexy: 1 times
mrsmonj mentions:
  @NJPRGirl: 1 times
planetstark mentions:
  @alohaarleen: 1 times
  @leifn: 1 times
  @ruudhein: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @mediatemple: 1 times
  @fotopedia: 1 times
  @jansimpson: 1 times
  @schachin: 1 times
bayandjaygolf mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @LEAPdirect: 1 times
  @PhotogNews: 1 times
  @carotweet: 1 times
  @OklahomaMudd: 1 times
  @cestlaviv: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
gammaz mentions:
  @Elaineq: 1 times
snirgel mentions:
  @missmoss: 1 times
  @leomorg: 1 times
  @darachagi: 1 times
  @Jug: 1 times
  @cainvommars: 1 times
  @flosen: 1 times
  @myrbel: 1 times
  @insanus: 1 times
freshplastic mentions:
  @PragueBob: 1 times
  @friday: 1 times
  @kaigani: 1 times
trappersherwood mentions:
  @JaneZahasky: 1 times
  @lynettepatter: 1 times
  @trappersherwood: 1 times
  @mandofierro: 1 times
  @timbuchalka: 1 times
andybrowngolf mentions:
  @BunkerShotGolf: 1 times
mjhideout mentions:
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @kennyortegablog: 1 times
mindtalk mentions:
  @FacebookAds: 1 times
  @BullsEyeLeader: 1 times
  @ZeeVisram: 1 times
  @letmike: 1 times
kissmynut mentions:
  @kissmynut: 1 times
bobburg mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @4tootie: 1 times
  @lindaAWI: 1 times
  @koolrazychic: 1 times
  @gilnamur: 1 times
  @stefanlubinski: 1 times
  @JennKaye: 1 times
  @JoyAndLife: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @FSEERSOLAR: 1 times
paulwestlake mentions:
  @JohnMilleker: 1 times
  @jmanstudios: 1 times
  @ScottSharman: 1 times
  @mark32i5b: 1 times
  @paulmonkey: 1 times
solus72 mentions:
  @CIOJoe: 1 times
godlesswanderer mentions:
  @crazykinux: 1 times
  @wensley: 1 times
  @evetimecodecom: 1 times
  @polaroidcandy: 1 times
  @ziminrax: 1 times
  @heatherelectric: 1 times
dikeough mentions:
  @ComplicatedMama: 1 times
franksylar mentions:
  @AurRhudd: 1 times
  @cubinator: 1 times
  @martiy: 1 times
  @kaotic2: 1 times
  @starkiller99: 1 times
  @cinebo: 1 times
litbirthdays mentions:
  @ravenbooks: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @dambisamoyo: 1 times
iam_angela mentions:
  @mikedex: 1 times
  @KitchenBitch: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @BertPatterson: 1 times
  @Jedi1123: 1 times
  @TraceyStevens: 1 times
  @tattootiger73: 1 times
  @gopeterfacineli: 1 times
k_night4me mentions:
  @Milla25: 2 times
bumsonseats mentions:
  @dblduchess: 1 times
  @liberaceblog: 1 times
  @UBlibraries: 1 times
  @assemblylibrary: 1 times
  @robertsdj: 1 times
  @librarygirl2008: 1 times
  @mattlibrarian: 1 times
silixell mentions:
  @mikehanes: 1 times
  @successsecret: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @eExecutives: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @promobrain: 1 times
  @queenmisha@texasjackflash: 1 times
poodabayb mentions:
  @honey: 1 times
  @Wowena: 1 times
  @leeshbunzz: 1 times
  @iProduceHittzz: 1 times
  @krisstaxx: 1 times
  @FlyYungDre: 1 times
  @poodabayb: 1 times
maialideth mentions:
  @SandbgregSOCA: 1 times
  @Laanetweets: 1 times
  @Praxilla: 1 times
  @AspergerWomen: 1 times
  @ADHDHunter: 1 times
  @a4aspie: 1 times
  @Aspie101: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @librarymistress: 1 times
debsa mentions:
  @toestubber: 1 times
paulschwend mentions:
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @gratitudecircle: 1 times
  @studebaker: 1 times
  @billmcintosh: 1 times
  @bobcallahan: 1 times
  @HeatherO: 1 times
  @RedHotCopy: 1 times
  @motorpurrr: 1 times
  @hj2: 1 times
azaxacavabanama mentions:
  @bigfatphoenix: 1 times
  @vishalc: 1 times
  @kskarun: 1 times
  @drukb: 1 times
  @onejubb: 1 times
  @sumants: 1 times
  @nixxin: 1 times
gothboy410 mentions:
  @SpikeTheLobster: 1 times
  @MoVaWi: 1 times
  @bluenikki29: 2 times
handsonhealth mentions:
  @CanDoCanBe: 1 times
  @PlantPassion: 1 times
socalfishj mentions:
  @JamesProps: 1 times
  @TheMightyFoz: 1 times
  @Wendilynnmakeup: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @Jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @thepoststudio: 1 times
  @harrisonwilcox: 1 times
dareber mentions:
  @conflagratio: 1 times
  @rgphotographic: 1 times
  @dareber: 1 times
  @caterham7: 1 times
  @adventurevida: 1 times
  @lucymfel: 1 times
netaid mentions:
  @Netaid: 1 times
angela_petersen mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
myragolden mentions:
  @thejstandard: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
lyssajo mentions:
  @aacooper: 1 times
  @eatpomegranate: 1 times
  @Lyssajo: 1 times
  @heidijogustad: 1 times
  @MaggE: 1 times
  @Losile: 1 times
dangel127 mentions:
  @MamaBee4: 1 times
gravdal mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
supanovatrainer mentions:
  @ApothecaryJeri: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @tobiasfransson: 1 times
  @saultracey: 1 times
  @pluginbiz: 1 times
vic23 mentions:
  @bobvl: 1 times
  @mauritsharmsen: 1 times
  @HansPrummel: 1 times
  @Lou2204: 1 times
  @nozzman: 1 times
  @friedamaria: 1 times
  @thomasdral: 1 times
  @thamar: 1 times
  @RuSt: 1 times
axonpost mentions:
  @andrelambert13: 1 times
  @dvstweets: 1 times
  @francoisotis: 1 times
  @dino28: 1 times
  @fqp1: 1 times
  @ValTechnologie: 1 times
  @TheClown: 1 times
  @Emergent007: 1 times
  @geoffroigaron: 1 times
jeffnfun631 mentions:
  @Mollyng: 1 times
  @jQue88: 1 times
alexsandels mentions:
  @3arabawyfollowfriday: 1 times
  @AlMasryAlYoumE@AlMasryAlYoumA@DailyNewsEgypt@youm7: 1 times
  @ShoroukNews@dostor: 1 times
chrismelton mentions:
  @wellbaskets: 1 times
  @JosephHerrera: 1 times
  @theRotater: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
  @chrismelton: 1 times
  @DaveSchwab: 1 times
  @ashleyroberts: 1 times
tangomega mentions:
  @StormElements: 1 times
raanjauelhoff mentions:
  @RASimoneWeber: 1 times
  @VisuellePR: 1 times
  @KulturDesign: 1 times
  @reginakohn: 1 times
  @Seefrau: 1 times
neillshenton mentions:
  @pickledpolitics: 1 times
agentdelblaine mentions:
  @BrazenLass: 1 times
  @shawnaaaa: 1 times
  @zandra88: 1 times
  @xplasticsmile: 1 times
  @ktg23: 1 times
deltawhiskey1 mentions:
  @DeltaWhiskey1: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
dansmabibli mentions:
darcio_martins mentions:
  @mirandacarol: 1 times
  @fabiolody: 1 times
  @celosto: 1 times
wendygelberg mentions:
  @kierancrotty: 1 times
danielhoney mentions:
  @Krizanovich: 1 times
  @philegl: 1 times
  @halfbear: 1 times
dr_wes mentions:
  @MizzTrouble: 1 times
viaferrata mentions:
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @adventurewoman: 1 times
  @loopthing: 1 times
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @Lurquer: 1 times
  @danapixie: 1 times
  @peace: 1 times
  @McKennaPolson: 1 times
cecedesouza mentions:
imnotalone mentions:
  @ohsuperheroine: 2 times
nancysbrandt mentions:
  @BeverlyRae: 1 times
  @TheSciFiChick: 1 times
  @TheCharmQuark: 1 times
  @LisaPietsch: 1 times
  @DorchesterPub: 1 times
  @toniandrews: 1 times
  @rachelcaine: 1 times
  @camytang: 1 times
  @courtneymilan: 1 times
denisemustafa mentions:
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
  @riqfreire: 1 times
kalluk mentions:
  @adicrazy: 1 times
pgerochi mentions:
  @joanners: 1 times
  @StephBraganza: 1 times
  @TinyDanza: 1 times
sarahjiffy mentions:
  @heatworld: 1 times
avelingartworks mentions:
  @FaunaFloraInt: 1 times
whisk_food_blog mentions:
  @twilhelmsen: 1 times
  @vindee: 1 times
  @PickyPalate: 1 times
  @fujimama: 1 times
  @ccina: 1 times
  @sweetsfoods: 1 times
  @NSFoodsMemo: 1 times
  @nanachelle: 1 times
  @amandascookin: 1 times
  @SpatulasCorks: 1 times
timrs2001 mentions:
  @EmnEms: 1 times
rowdyeh mentions:
  @dkwalton: 1 times
xpressz mentions:
  @laputean: 1 times
  @5357311: 1 times
  @alexwoolf: 1 times
  @jamiebullock: 1 times
  @dsmmd: 1 times
  @mwhiteside: 1 times
  @otterhouse: 1 times
  @soundarchive: 1 times
  @jonathangrimes: 1 times
fairyfloss89 mentions:
  @Cortimiglia: 1 times
  @Cinderell4: 1 times
  @lattemacchiato: 1 times
  @RedMilano: 1 times
  @lcstranslations: 1 times
  @Halliwellicious: 1 times
  @Gabry89: 1 times
  @Bruno108: 1 times
koolrigapu mentions:
  @HiTechTrucker: 1 times
  @KerryES: 1 times
  @LandLineMag: 1 times
  @DieselBoss: 1 times
  @SilverSurferTX: 1 times
  @KoolRig: 1 times
  @slackadjusterr: 1 times
  @Bryabent: 1 times
  @Newsfortruckers: 1 times
jeffherring mentions:
  @PatLorna: 1 times
  @Alexmandossian: 1 times
  @jeffherring: 1 times
  @maritzaparra: 1 times
  @videoguy: 1 times
guesslist mentions:
  @egoeccentric: 1 times
  @ballroomdublin: 1 times
  @roadrecords: 1 times
  @joeleogue: 1 times
  @irishstu: 1 times
  @cloudsteph: 1 times
  @kilkennymusic: 1 times
  @adebisishank: 1 times
  @swearimnotpaul: 1 times
jlefforge mentions:
  @KatjaPresnal: 1 times
  @GeekMommy: 1 times
  @WalmartShopper: 1 times
  @nwadeals: 1 times
  @cutiebootycakes: 1 times
marrangee mentions:
  @spreadingjoy: 1 times
  @dangel127: 1 times
  @barbaraduke: 1 times
  @surrender40: 1 times
  @1cor1613: 1 times
  @openingenergy: 1 times
  @coffeesister: 1 times
designsbyreese mentions:
  @liambaldwin: 1 times
  @GazmoBray: 1 times
  @jamiem19: 1 times
  @sammijade: 1 times
  @bwaine: 1 times
  @andreabaldwin: 1 times
  @mattplatt: 1 times
  @pinkberrygirl: 1 times
  @mcherrywv: 1 times
  @blackberryman: 1 times
bloggingfringe mentions:
  @EdinburghFringe: 1 times
  @thefringething: 1 times
  @salidatious: 1 times
  @fivepoundfringe: 1 times
  @nmackinnon: 1 times
  @frin: 1 times
adoperations mentions:
  @CompTIACIO: 1 times
  @PubMatic: 1 times
  @sazbean: 1 times
  @briankduncan: 1 times
  @ideaman21: 1 times
  @GeneratorIE: 1 times
mrsdirtymartini mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
  @BeatlesTweets: 1 times
  @dkmashino: 1 times
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @RollingStone: 1 times
  @MrsDirtyMartini: 1 times
  @UmAlawi: 1 times
missjoy4 mentions:
  @rayadverb: 1 times
  @ethansuplee: 1 times
  @rajskub: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @joelmchale: 1 times
  @thesoup: 1 times
ryeginald mentions:
  @phyllisstein: 1 times
  @nick: 1 times
  @adamisacson: 1 times
  @pbones: 1 times
  @katefeetie: 1 times
mikefay mentions:
  @DaveDube: 1 times
jrhale mentions:
  @LIW3: 1 times
noporkpies mentions:
  @randipdhesi: 1 times
  @davesustain: 1 times
  @samuelwise: 1 times
  @dannyguk: 1 times
  @jonaths: 1 times
  @revlonuk: 1 times
  @sharkseo: 1 times
toofondofbooks mentions:
  @LizB: 1 times
  @foodandbooks: 1 times
diaryofaledger mentions:
  @jmb252: 1 times
ronalddaniels mentions:
  @gbfans: 1 times
bonitasmith mentions:
  @tasigns: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
metalrockss mentions:
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @AmaLama: 1 times
  @SpiritSurfer: 1 times
  @Raspee: 1 times
  @puregoldfriends: 1 times
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @ispear: 1 times
  @thehrgoddess: 1 times
talkingtoolbox mentions:
  @streakyjay: 1 times
  @tothe92: 1 times
alykhansatchu mentions:
  @kenyanpundit: 1 times
vetchling mentions:
  @willtompsett: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
wilsonva mentions:
  @neenjames: 1 times
goonerjamie mentions:
  @Amalari: 1 times
  @Angpang: 1 times
  @OMGLOLOMG: 1 times
pauloldenburg mentions:
  @ianholton: 1 times
  @Chinesenews: 1 times
haffertee mentions:
  @ophelia: 1 times
  @laertesgirl: 1 times
  @jemjem1983: 1 times
  @missadventure29: 1 times
rashaunwilliams mentions:
  @l0RENElAiNE: 1 times
  @TheWheeler717: 1 times
  @DatDudeSuccess: 1 times
  @yamaLi: 1 times
  @RASHAUNWILLIAMS: 1 times
  @l0renelaine: 1 times
  @loveporche: 1 times
  @reasyymofletch: 1 times
  @DJBabeyDrew: 1 times
caritam mentions:
  @lfowler2: 1 times
cellguru mentions:
  @bbunderground: 1 times
  @cellguru: 1 times
patrickhawes mentions:
  @ClassicalMusic: 1 times
randyyy mentions:
  @dharmapunk5: 1 times
  @blackdood: 1 times
  @justinvincent: 1 times
  @9swords: 1 times
  @nullvariable: 1 times
  @randyyy: 1 times
paulinelogan mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
dreaus mentions:
  @saraharlen: 1 times
tripill mentions:
  @zoonini: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
captaincook mentions:
agnieszkasshoes mentions:
  @bananathepoet: 1 times
  @SnakyLady: 1 times
tiadantzler mentions:
  @Kindredthefam: 1 times
  @DUE4U: 1 times
  @HelloMissJean: 1 times
  @HyperLuxeMedia: 1 times
  @bmichelle: 1 times
  @missmusze: 1 times
  @BLACKBARBiiE88: 1 times
  @BridgetteO: 1 times
darksideoffilm mentions:
  @eyeforfilm: 1 times
  @horrortrailer: 1 times
andrewcareaga mentions:
  @deanpeters: 1 times
  @MKMuir: 1 times
commhealthcorps mentions:
  @americorps: 1 times
  @cityyear: 1 times
  @myimpact: 1 times
  @publicallies: 1 times
  @aaronatEJW: 1 times
cammicam mentions:
  @go2web20: 1 times
swisscow86 mentions:
  @DutchieDude: 1 times
  @MollyJ87: 1 times
kraer_one mentions:
  @philhenderson: 1 times
shaunmichael80 mentions:
  @RhyseRichards: 1 times
  @BrandiLove: 1 times
  @MindiLSmith: 1 times
  @NIkkiBenz: 1 times
  @VanillaDeville: 1 times
cambstreasurer mentions:
  @RSPCABookshop: 1 times
leamanchris mentions:
  @helenduffett: 1 times
  @norwichnorthld: 1 times
paulwalsh mentions:
  @Sheetalmmehta: 1 times
  @Mikeyfletch: 1 times
  @PatPhelan: 1 times
  @JackieDanicki: 1 times
  @Jobsworth: 1 times
harvestrenewal mentions:
  @darrengreen01: 1 times
  @ramseyshow: 1 times
  @twittaverse: 1 times
jazzii3love mentions:
  @juanbarnard: 1 times
  @LyNn4: 1 times
  @ROCKGUITARZ: 1 times
  @MeliMelzzzz: 1 times
  @tamiengel: 1 times
  @loveLOMApeace: 1 times
  @MSzLiiSA: 1 times
  @brightondoll: 1 times
  @StArL0ve: 1 times
  @JordonLeonie: 1 times
oxfamlondonse mentions:
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @projectdirt: 1 times
suhd mentions:
  @harvestrenewal: 1 times
  @dwestjr: 1 times
  @darrengreen01: 1 times
georgewaite mentions:
  @bbalderaz: 1 times
  @LaraK: 1 times
  @whitman: 1 times
  @kpefferle: 1 times
  @garymoneysmith: 1 times
  @mattdickman: 1 times
  @digitalstephbe: 1 times
godsmac mentions:
ani_jo mentions:
  @awesomeful: 1 times
lubritpetition mentions:
  @heatworld: 2 times
lolavintage mentions:
  @VerseauVintage: 1 times
rosita08 mentions:
  @schachin: 1 times
decinces mentions:
  @BlackLiq: 1 times
  @ProducedbyOmen: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @JoshBoxer: 1 times
  @therealblackice: 1 times
  @DuoTangProd: 1 times
  @LadyFate: 1 times
  @justyappin: 1 times
  @Decinces: 1 times
minarawr mentions:
  @petrilude: 1 times
  @xsparkage: 1 times
  @Nireyna: 1 times
  @vespertinemusic: 1 times
  @kerlikoiv: 1 times
calleymeyer mentions:
  @kyleighsmith: 1 times
arjunbasu mentions:
getresponse mentions:
  @getresponse: 1 times
luvnmuzik215 mentions:
  @MrKraftSingles: 1 times
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
b2bonlinemktg mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
luckycarmen mentions:
  @TomVMorris: 1 times
maniactive mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
tattootiger73 mentions:
  @TwilightilDawn: 1 times
  @crazymommie: 1 times
  @BeckyAD: 1 times
  @acullenatheart: 1 times
  @saymmmkay: 1 times
  @tattootiger73: 1 times
  @jowalshy: 1 times
  @bauxine7: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
lukesponge mentions:
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
  @nuff55: 1 times
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
  @wingmanz: 1 times
  @salisburydowns: 1 times
  @9swords: 1 times
  @sammutimer: 1 times
  @bpinaud: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
  @Scyranth: 1 times
chrislovett mentions:
  @steelcityartist: 1 times
  @rarickard: 1 times
  @laurenban: 1 times
  @pghjen: 1 times
  @allisonpotter@jenniferbuckles: 1 times
  @paulfuriga: 1 times
  @cilli: 1 times
  @happninpitt: 1 times
  @Emberr: 1 times
teamsolomon mentions:
  @TeamSolomon: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
uktjpr mentions:
  @rupertg: 1 times
glide21 mentions:
  @mckra1g: 1 times
  @EmarketingGuru: 1 times
minxkitty mentions:
  @craigSteele: 1 times
stephfierman mentions:
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @christinabeyer: 1 times
  @B2BCMO: 1 times
  @tlrdMike: 1 times
  @hardlynormal: 1 times
  @NotetoCMO: 1 times
  @FinancialBrand: 1 times
  @PeterRoche: 1 times
hofagarmisch mentions:
  @jobcollege: 1 times
  @bewerberblog: 1 times
calz88 mentions:
  @PS3Attitude: 1 times
  @5LiveF1: 1 times
  @xboxsource: 1 times
  @vidzone: 1 times
  @Ebuyerdotcom: 1 times
  @CCLcomputers: 1 times
  @UKMarketplace: 1 times
cvelardi mentions:
  @GMCT: 1 times
  @abckatesnow: 1 times
  @billweirabc: 1 times
  @gmaweekend: 1 times
cailinoneil mentions:
  @cailinoneil: 1 times
sochagota1 mentions:
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @RebeccaReece: 1 times
  @sochagota1: 1 times
  @scottlazerson: 1 times
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
ameobatube mentions:
  @charlesarthur: 1 times
  @rogueleader: 1 times
  @goreki: 1 times
  @thekingmob: 1 times
nfnitm mentions:
  @MapleBrownie: 1 times
  @sohailanjum: 1 times
  @GurpsK: 1 times
  @IamMrVee: 1 times
  @CaseyRain: 1 times
  @desirock: 1 times
  @ShakSiyya: 1 times
  @TherealNihal: 1 times
  @N3rm: 1 times
  @AliahSheikh: 1 times
  @kazzkumar: 1 times
hightechpro mentions:
  @johnhboyer: 1 times
  @kevinbinversie: 1 times
  @kmallan: 1 times
  @maxmarmer: 1 times
  @Montaignejns: 1 times
  @MrD: 1 times
tsag86 mentions:
  @durtymo: 1 times
  @DomCorleone: 1 times
  @beautifulcurare: 1 times
  @dwaynefighter: 1 times
  @lovebscott: 1 times
  @KidFury: 1 times
  @freshalina: 1 times
  @youngsinick: 1 times
  @flyguyworldwide: 1 times
justtoobusy mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @KarenWelsh: 1 times
  @RebeccaHappy: 1 times
  @JustTooBusy: 1 times
  @mmlinke1: 1 times
  @mabeliam: 1 times
andysammons mentions:
  @ellfind: 1 times
  @mammal: 1 times
lilula mentions:
  @JoelyAh: 1 times
karinbosveld mentions:
  @AnnaMVos: 1 times
  @jolandapikkaart: 1 times
  @kaatmossel: 1 times
  @KarinBron: 1 times
  @Glorycookie: 1 times
  @CoachKris: 1 times
  @ronholman: 1 times
  @jipkonijn: 1 times
  @jeltine: 1 times
mritty mentions:
  @jephjacques: 1 times
laouida_dunn mentions:
mama_red mentions:
  @katjrobertson: 1 times
  @TheTicketCoach: 1 times
  @CreateASellout: 1 times
  @jackin1: 1 times
  @RonGoch: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @pixierosedesign: 1 times
mireillem mentions:
  @filmfestlounge: 1 times
  @hollywoodshorts: 1 times
  @IFNFilm: 1 times
  @cinemablend: 1 times
  @SoCalMovieFans: 1 times
  @unlockmovies: 1 times
ecogreentravel mentions:
  @bearthsvoice: 1 times
petote mentions:
  @winstonat0r: 1 times
  @chriskovac: 1 times
  @fatherjack: 1 times
  @weezie20: 1 times
  @JohnGalt88: 1 times
  @ILLLITERAL: 1 times
balivillarental mentions:
  @ecogreentraveldid: 1 times
  @bearthsvoice: 1 times
corinnamm mentions:
  @MLescaut: 1 times
  @emiliablue: 1 times
  @elynn1974: 1 times
  @carmis: 1 times
melschroeder mentions:
  @GeorgiaMcBride: 1 times
  @heatherayris: 1 times
  @NicolePeeler: 1 times
  @mziah: 1 times
  @jaypers: 1 times
  @joannaDangelo: 1 times
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @DevonEllingtonthanks: 1 times
bscampbell67 mentions:
  @BestAt: 1 times
  @nprscottsimon: 1 times
  @JetBlue: 1 times
  @DowningStreet: 1 times
  @ICHCheezburger: 1 times
specwarcom mentions:
  @stephaniepeck: 1 times
  @netstarmobile: 1 times
adskneurope mentions:
  @AUOnline: 1 times
thedenial mentions:
  @GaryDelaney: 1 times
mlduffee mentions:
  @jduffee: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @krzi: 1 times
  @adamatherton: 1 times
  @hldempsey: 1 times
veeekay07 mentions:
  @drewryanscott: 1 times
  @varsityfc: 1 times
nymphont mentions:
gamerwg mentions:
preisgigant mentions:
  @SocialClicks: 1 times
  @kairosZedtlitz: 1 times
  @Buchkauf: 1 times
trudeswelt mentions:
  @prachtmaedchens: 1 times
eqgal mentions:
  @GeoffPeterson: 1 times
  @artnbooklife: 1 times
  @FemiKnowlogy101: 1 times
  @esm4: 1 times
chinkchilla mentions:
  @gschan: 1 times
raaaaaaek mentions:
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @andreagauster: 1 times
  @itsbrittanybb: 1 times
  @pocketz826: 1 times
  @TaterNuts: 1 times
  @enchantedivy: 1 times
  @dropdeadpoet: 1 times
  @JayMDee: 1 times
  @BBQNYC: 1 times
  @GrrlFriends: 1 times
meristemstudio mentions:
  @InspireTeach: 1 times
cityboyaks mentions:
  @Hardsy: 1 times
  @Blimeyworld: 1 times
  @urbannerds: 1 times
  @CityboyAks: 1 times
  @ShyOneBeats: 1 times
  @djshandy: 1 times
  @Djvectra: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @TrueTiger: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @reemk: 1 times
___dani__ mentions:
  @nannygoats: 1 times
  @Queenie249: 1 times
  @unfnshdrambler: 1 times
  @nonamedufus: 1 times
  @Dani: 1 times
  @TwentyFour: 1 times
  @justjillin: 1 times
  @TracyOConnor: 1 times
  @jtlongandco: 1 times
31b4 mentions:
  @bunnypoo4U2: 1 times
flipfinger mentions:
  @sonjabigg: 1 times
kittymcfly mentions:
  @McFLYNews: 1 times
  @katherinemarsh: 1 times
  @EviLovesMcFLY: 1 times
jasononjourney mentions:
  @TanyaJoFollick: 1 times
jm9900 mentions:
  @intoxicologist: 1 times
  @MrsCocktail: 1 times
  @MrCocktail: 1 times
greg_j mentions:
  @Buzzle: 1 times
  @romainlibeau: 1 times
ladyparadis mentions:
  @Sheamus: 1 times
  @Porsidan: 1 times
  @brexians: 1 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @Speaker99: 1 times
  @Hydrau1: 1 times
  @FreshPlastic: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
reii_ mentions:
  @Peterlzh: 1 times
kimhibbs mentions:
  @BuildIntel: 1 times
sheffman2 mentions:
  @faulko1: 2 times
chriscree mentions:
  @rmcotton: 1 times
  @tomaplomb: 1 times
  @RaspberryDoodle: 1 times
  @hjmart: 1 times
  @artistanika: 1 times
  @chriscree: 1 times
furststaffing mentions:
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
  @Reginald: 1 times
  @5Great: 1 times
  @JobAngels: 1 times
  @goRockford: 1 times
  @ColonelTribune: 1 times
  @JobHuntOrg: 1 times
  @VisitGalena: 1 times
  @rockfordchamber: 1 times
samuellaurent mentions:
  @jconnan: 1 times
alethe mentions:
  @fustat: 1 times
nichelle214 mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @pbarbanes: 1 times
  @JBlazemusic: 1 times
  @BIGCHAMPTHEBOSS: 1 times
  @kimolver: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @KENDELLRENEE: 1 times
  @rudelle77: 1 times
  @dstarr: 1 times
cashmereclutch mentions:
  @Jewelleigh: 1 times
obnoxiotheclown mentions:
  @CharlotteGore: 1 times
myogis mentions:
  @DarrinSearancke: 1 times
id_man mentions:
  @mrgall: 1 times
jjjoesanders mentions:
  @jonamelton: 1 times
bingybongy mentions:
  @emmajane: 1 times
  @eternalyouth: 1 times
  @AngieJStewart: 1 times
  @suziperry: 1 times
  @eddieizzard: 1 times
  @justinpollard: 1 times
  @simonbeard: 1 times
tom_manchester mentions:
  @SalfordOnline: 1 times
dirkstanley mentions:
  @ahier: 1 times
  @cascadia: 1 times
  @epatientdave: 1 times
  @cmiles: 1 times
artistikem mentions:
  @thebookmaven: 1 times
portraitgirl mentions:
  @Puniho: 1 times
  @sedona76: 1 times
  @krystyna81: 1 times
  @petportraitluv: 1 times
  @LindaSgoluppi: 1 times
  @jaymedelrosario: 1 times
  @mipoesias: 1 times
  @gwennpaints: 1 times
cathylanderson mentions:
  @2ndlifefanatic: 1 times
  @katrinskaya: 1 times
  @intellagirl: 1 times
  @rivenhomewood: 1 times
  @ilonkaac: 1 times
  @neddings: 1 times
  @luxeffect: 1 times
becky_middleton mentions:
  @rohinkallat: 1 times
emilysutherland mentions:
  @EdenValley: 1 times
dallaslimochick mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @LinkedInQueen: 1 times
yeagerjenngrp mentions:
  @dwestjr: 1 times
  @RichmondJobNet: 1 times
  @yeagerjenngrp: 1 times
  @viable4u: 1 times
  @roguestarsystem: 1 times
  @rickwhittington: 1 times
  @thecareergiant: 1 times
  @elledmytryszyn: 1 times
lawrencegichigi mentions:
  @bobwcaincom: 1 times
  @kmclel14@KORHAL@landrews2702: 1 times
  @larchivist@LawrenceGichigi: 1 times
morethanhuman mentions:
  @Twisuz: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
starwic mentions:
  @WiiTweeter: 1 times
  @Romeei: 1 times
  @OnDemandTech: 1 times
  @beermaven: 1 times
nstehle mentions:
  @SteveBeren: 1 times
  @pmgreco: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
neth mentions:
  @ehrogers: 1 times
aboodishabi mentions:
  @butterflygrrrl: 1 times
jacksvalentine mentions:
  @WiseGrass: 1 times
ciuineas mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
jazzy0257 mentions:
  @freakycurves: 1 times
  @cremeoreo: 1 times
  @ROCNFREEZE: 1 times
  @VraiVieStylista: 1 times
  @hotboy27: 1 times
  @OhSoSexy730: 1 times
  @JazZy0257: 1 times
ininehemiahikpe mentions:
  @wecomparebooks: 2 times
  @gnizz: 2 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @ininehemiahikpe: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @MalexMB: 1 times
  @Drewsk: 1 times
thomasmcauley mentions:
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @KristenLambTX: 1 times
vetnetusa mentions:
  @longwoodu: 1 times
  @DarylHill: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
  @armybase: 1 times
  @gwvets: 1 times
  @militaryupdates: 1 times
  @Aheram: 1 times
tamsyntweetie mentions:
  @CalistroWriter: 1 times
  @joannanadin: 1 times
  @hmhunt: 1 times
  @simonschusterUK: 1 times
  @ChicklitBlog: 1 times
  @taniahershman: 1 times
  @JCCWilliams: 1 times
mabeliam mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @KarenWelsh: 1 times
  @RebeccaHappy: 1 times
  @JustTooBusy: 1 times
  @mmlinke1: 1 times
  @mabeliam: 1 times
bigbadboat mentions:
  @HawaiiansShirts: 1 times
  @beachblankets: 1 times
  @beachyrustica: 1 times
  @LakeLifeMN: 1 times
kaekonakagawa mentions:
  @knitpurlgurl: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @agspears: 1 times
  @ChristineSchunk: 1 times
ricardojc mentions:
  @papadimitriou: 1 times
  @ricardojc: 1 times
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @leahbesajimenez: 1 times
  @robangeles: 1 times
mklopez mentions:
  @DearYvette: 1 times
  @vicequeenmaria: 1 times
  @AnnOhio: 1 times
  @melissamaples: 1 times
  @AgustinaP: 1 times
  @TamiFromMiami: 1 times
johnswright49 mentions:
  @fredthompson: 1 times
  @DarrellIssa: 1 times
  @RSCColorado: 1 times
  @stephenkruiser: 1 times
  @Unconstitutiona: 1 times
  @Radioblogger: 1 times
  @bobthezombie: 1 times
  @Augustine25: 1 times
akearns mentions:
  @lemasney: 2 times
lilywashere mentions:
  @tobeymeow: 1 times
  @tuskthecat: 1 times
  @SashaPurr: 1 times
  @skeezixthecat: 1 times
  @MrAndMrsNator: 1 times
  @IppityPippity: 1 times
  @gizmorella: 1 times
  @Tenra: 1 times
  @IvyBean104: 1 times
  @snowydaze: 1 times
billy_wilson mentions:
  @11Locs: 1 times
  @DestinyMetro: 1 times
  @courageous: 1 times
  @BuckheadChurch: 1 times
  @newspring: 1 times
  @newpassion: 1 times
  @BlueprintChurch: 1 times
pandjcrafts mentions:
  @glorialynnglass: 1 times
  @jenscloset: 1 times
  @AbbaDabbaBags: 1 times
  @ascrappydesign: 1 times
  @organizersandy: 1 times
  @beadsnbangles: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
sarah_wallace mentions:
  @CheriHegi: 1 times
aswingley mentions:
  @creed: 1 times
simplestencils mentions:
  @Momsmostwanted: 1 times
  @themomjen: 1 times
  @thepottedpansy: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @MomSpark: 1 times
  @SimpleStencils: 1 times
  @cafehandmade: 1 times
  @MilitaryMom: 1 times
hedgieguy mentions:
  @dasa: 1 times
  @pcdunham: 1 times
  @jamietucker: 1 times
  @bmccapital: 1 times
  @bondscoop: 1 times
  @traderalamo: 1 times
  @jarsch: 1 times
  @bretfriedrich: 1 times
  @vzen: 1 times
  @davebrub: 1 times
jeffashcroft mentions:
  @iabol: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @piblogger1: 1 times
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @SupplyChainGuy: 1 times
lauwil243 mentions:
  @wildorchidbeads: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @JeniLuScraps: 1 times
  @lolasgirl: 1 times
  @RockisMetalwork: 1 times
  @Beadalicious: 1 times
  @Huayruro: 1 times
  @PunkyJane: 1 times
  @lindab142: 1 times
lirunner9 mentions:
  @PainterNik: 1 times
  @blackfonzie: 1 times
kellyestes mentions:
  @voteforpj: 1 times
  @emgtay: 1 times
  @mlm59: 1 times
  @cluelessI: 1 times
  @MGTafoya: 1 times
  @tradingypsy: 1 times
  @kellyestes: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @pblumer76: 1 times
mrsbsconfession mentions:
  @CustomZombie: 1 times
howtotweets mentions:
spiderboi826 mentions:
  @KiddManroom: 1 times
ultrasonic_beat mentions:
  @punkrockbaby: 1 times
janetdodrill mentions:
  @dechantart: 1 times
vijeesh mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
squaredeye mentions:
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @amyclaire: 1 times
lovinglogistics mentions:
  @Truckdrivernews: 1 times
mikeaar mentions:
  @TheUpwelling: 1 times
  @TheCityLives: 1 times
kevinplantan mentions:
  @kjoneskc: 1 times
andram mentions:
  @jarkoch: 1 times
  @FrancisMcG: 1 times
  @MIhealthcoach: 1 times
  @jjvirgin: 1 times
  @mercola: 1 times
the_crooked_toe mentions:
  @NikkiLav: 1 times
laermer mentions:
  @soulati: 1 times
  @juliefarin: 1 times
thenabbitect mentions:
  @objects: 1 times
  @DebbyBruck: 1 times
  @executive321: 1 times
  @Rowdyeh: 1 times
  @claudioalegre: 1 times
daverooneyca mentions:
  @dferrand: 1 times
  @md: 1 times
  @ScottsBiz: 1 times
  @GreenSoftware: 1 times
  @brianedsauer: 1 times
  @tkerr4: 1 times
  @rdempsey: 1 times
  @tranzpupy: 1 times
  @petebehrens: 1 times
beebz_ mentions:
  @daisyx: 1 times
  @MarkChrLawrence: 1 times
  @ChuckMeMondays: 1 times
  @darthrazorback: 1 times
  @GrayJones: 1 times
  @tenelilli: 1 times
  @ChuckMeEurope: 1 times
parallelgalaxy mentions:
  @monyelle: 1 times
  @DannetteLewis: 1 times
  @ROSJewelry: 1 times
  @parallelgalaxy: 1 times
  @spiritart7: 1 times
  @gaalinda: 1 times
ediegalley mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @julito77: 1 times
witenike mentions:
  @Bytor2112: 1 times
  @CityGirl912: 1 times
  @gnimsh: 1 times
djgrind mentions:
chrisrbrown mentions:
  @JoshChernin: 1 times
  @calmcompassion: 1 times
  @glcuccureddu: 1 times
  @GreenEnergyNews: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @sanjeevnaik: 1 times
  @tmmexico: 1 times
mrbijoy mentions:
  @KristinMarieUSC: 1 times
  @mrbijoy: 1 times
  @danest: 1 times
  @akpsidotorg: 1 times
  @BinghamtonAKPsi: 1 times
  @mkhawaja08: 1 times
  @woley: 1 times
  @theplaymakerr: 1 times
  @brandonlgates: 1 times
taramaethornton mentions:
  @Dontkawai: 1 times
  @BubbaLives: 1 times
  @BillOhBill: 1 times
anygivensundae mentions:
inviteartist mentions:
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
jmalynne mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
topsebas mentions:
  @SteveTheGeek: 1 times
  @mirego: 1 times
  @emilegauthier: 1 times
  @chcanadadeals: 1 times
  @denismartel: 1 times
  @franginesoryx: 1 times
  @fredypoup: 1 times
jasonarmbruster mentions:
  @ohmichael: 1 times
  @AAAnews: 1 times
  @JasonArmbruster: 1 times
  @RideForRoswell: 1 times
  @jodisoko: 1 times
  @manpowertalks: 1 times
  @CandlewoodPIT: 1 times
  @aardrian: 1 times
  @manda903: 1 times
saritameow mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @Gemstars: 1 times
  @SheilafightsEB: 1 times
  @LaughItUp: 1 times
  @LilRedCottage: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @JadeBarclay: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @LdsNana: 1 times
  @TravelV: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
lucy_whufc mentions:
  @kelvinwins: 1 times
  @liammcouk: 1 times
  @liannemckeown: 1 times
  @wiidscouk: 1 times
  @Tsaksonakis: 1 times
  @Ellisblackman: 1 times
  @WestHamProcess: 1 times
angelsavenue mentions:
  @ecoelf: 1 times
  @greentownaction: 1 times
  @angelsavenue: 1 times
  @essexcourier: 1 times
fourten mentions:
  @HumaneSociety: 1 times
barbieprincess mentions:
  @jessicastrust: 1 times
  @ladybug8320: 1 times
  @EllenStafford: 1 times
  @ColRFTL: 1 times
  @bobbychariot: 1 times
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @Pamjo: 1 times
valerie39 mentions:
  @massim8: 1 times
  @MartiCst: 1 times
  @Maiko76: 1 times
  @filippocioni: 1 times
  @WebSurfer: 1 times
  @shaina81: 1 times
scrabysys mentions:
  @Artlandis: 1 times
cali_breezy mentions:
  @pwilsonjr: 1 times
  @AnnMHarvey: 1 times
  @TashaDoss: 1 times
  @EtherComm: 1 times
  @lottiesmith: 1 times
  @CaliBreezy: 1 times
twas_brillig mentions:
  @misseskwittys: 1 times
  @JodiOhl: 1 times
  @Amymasmith: 1 times
lykinn mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @OperationWard57: 1 times
wcollinshd mentions:
  @MoneyMakeover2: 1 times
  @MTTRadio: 1 times
  @janethilts: 1 times
  @eftspiritcoach: 1 times
  @eftpraxis: 1 times
  @chipeft: 1 times
  @moneymakeover2: 1 times
  @emotionalengine: 1 times
wifijedi mentions:
  @mfratto: 1 times
jr_richards mentions:
  @JRRichards: 1 times
drbeckloff mentions:
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @BeckiS: 1 times
  @drbeckloff: 1 times
  @CelebritiCat: 1 times
  @MBHolisticThannnnks: 1 times
saseurogang mentions:
  @exotic: 1 times
  @saseurogang: 1 times
  @bigzflygerian: 1 times
  @baddestnla: 1 times
  @pinaytrini: 1 times
  @h4zel: 1 times
  @dreamyobsession: 1 times
  @gdupswag: 1 times
  @marisamendez: 1 times
flap mentions:
lillyqueen mentions:
  @pandjacrafts: 1 times
mardeck mentions:
  @LornaBarrett: 1 times
mels_world mentions:
  @Kmac4him: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
jools_dk mentions:
  @littleedward: 1 times
  @cagninja: 1 times
  @pocketedwardsev: 1 times
  @pocketfriends: 1 times
  @voconia: 1 times
nycbarbie03 mentions:
  @JESmakeup: 1 times
  @RNTraveller: 1 times
  @Nycbarbie03: 1 times
  @SinnamonS: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @TSSexyChanel: 1 times
mikdev mentions:
  @NutCola: 1 times
  @JamesProps: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @wendyandlisa: 1 times
  @kristenbell: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @wendilynnmakeup: 1 times
inncedarfallswb mentions:
  @travelfit: 1 times
angelagunn mentions:
  @teresadf: 1 times
  @janemaurer: 1 times
  @mzlaffy: 1 times
  @michelleincal: 1 times
  @froggie775: 1 times
  @xmelaniex7: 1 times
  @wafflesgirls: 1 times
  @tfeb: 1 times
  @iTodd: 1 times
ronbarrett mentions:
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @markhendricks: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @cheth: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @lollydaskal: 1 times
  @phaoloo: 1 times
ali360 mentions:
  @kursed: 1 times
  @discomaulvi: 1 times
  @skdev: 1 times
phryl mentions:
  @CraigLund: 1 times
  @candicebest: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @mikemcderment: 1 times
  @michaelocc: 1 times
  @zunaid: 1 times
  @jasonkerr: 1 times
morituri mentions:
  @HeketiDesigns: 1 times
  @drzu: 1 times
  @Reavel: 1 times
larazm mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
libertarianmike mentions:
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
  @BWallyMotley: 1 times
  @unit101: 1 times
  @uristocrat: 1 times
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @nkoscielniak: 1 times
  @BearBob: 1 times
  @MikeyMcFly: 1 times
tightenyourbelt mentions:
  @ClearNetworking: 1 times
wbrown2 mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
sealights mentions:
  @rcdellara: 1 times
  @sealights: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @MarineWfe: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @skipzilla: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @: 1 times
babybanz mentions:
  @cuddlebee: 1 times
  @: 1 times
missliberty mentions:
  @brendacopeland: 1 times
  @thebookmaven: 1 times
  @ErinHere: 1 times
  @kalenski: 1 times
  @WendyHudson: 1 times
  @permanentpaper: 1 times
  @timetoread: 1 times
  @bookavore: 1 times
sensualstories mentions:
  @imagenie: 1 times
cis826 mentions:
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @DorisJeanette: 1 times
sbuhr mentions:
  @mytechnobaby: 1 times
  @JayGoz: 1 times
  @EsbjornLarsen: 1 times
  @n0h: 1 times
  @lanicole1502: 1 times
  @aracrash: 1 times
  @fshapps: 1 times
queenofdixie mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 2 times
randomblink mentions:
  @allysonstallman: 1 times
widgetty mentions:
  @invisibletrees: 1 times
  @HRdogtraining: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @Dormousezzzz: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @chilled1977: 1 times
jusdoingme mentions:
  @ininehemiahikpe: 1 times
  @MATT369: 3 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @gnizz: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @inine: 1 times
beckslayer mentions:
  @heatworld: 1 times
sobeyartaward mentions:
  @artreviewcom: 1 times
  @tinkugallery: 1 times
  @CTVCanadaAM: 1 times
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
  @LESN1: 1 times
  @agallerylondon: 1 times
samthepoodle mentions:
  @thepetbooklady: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @BrunoTheDog: 1 times
  @Cinchy: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @JosiePoodle: 1 times
  @dogcocker: 1 times
  @RaeganSydney: 1 times
  @wedwithease: 1 times
kit_cat1974 mentions:
  @superfro432: 1 times
taddmencer mentions:
  @brett: 1 times
nikolasbottos mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
rgphotographic mentions:
  @damienfranco: 1 times
rockabillytees mentions:
  @ClearNetworking: 1 times
lolaajayi mentions:
  @lolaajayi: 1 times
markinho mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
danidanczuk mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
esterbeatriz mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
kwizbee mentions:
  @sarahstanley: 1 times
  @DescalzaDiary: 1 times
  @ftalk: 1 times
  @icthecords: 1 times
fiddleb mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @1001portails: 1 times
  @silverebl: 1 times
  @FiddleB: 1 times
  @duckdaotsu: 1 times
  @tallelfin: 1 times
  @Chiggady: 1 times
  @kristenmchugh22: 1 times
  @JustMePammy: 1 times
  @rrchapman: 1 times
jprimm mentions:
  @indiemoviemaker: 1 times
  @texaszman: 1 times
emnorm mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
gargoylephan mentions:
  @VampireFaust: 1 times
  @brianrathbone: 1 times
  @RyBristow: 1 times
  @kathleenfuller: 1 times
  @bencrowder: 1 times
mikeramer mentions:
  @researchgoddess: 1 times
jabberjim mentions:
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @jabberjim: 1 times
udaibir mentions:
  @SavvyPriya: 1 times
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
tweetiexist mentions:
  @lemasney: 2 times
beachhunter mentions:
  @theresapgorda: 1 times
  @jenniferhuber: 1 times
  @kevinmims: 1 times
  @floridaevents: 1 times
  @howtomakemyblog: 1 times
  @sheilas: 1 times
lqnatu mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @TheMainEvent3KD: 1 times
  @DerrickSimmons: 1 times
  @FrankMckinney: 1 times
weloveleith mentions:
  @tonyleach: 1 times
  @jimwolffman: 1 times
keanufanswoah mentions:
  @CorrinaT: 1 times
  @Keanufanswoah: 1 times
  @NurseJackieFans: 1 times
  @SigmaTwiOmega: 1 times
  @NuSigmaDelta: 1 times
  @TwilightLexicon@TwiObsession: 1 times
  @TwiExaminer@NewMoonMovie: 1 times
lespetit_ mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
mzyun mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @kristenmchugh22: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @Gammawaif: 1 times
  @Misha1234: 1 times
  @Rizzz: 1 times
  @MzYun: 1 times
  @MizzWelch: 1 times
wbgnbeatdown mentions:
  @MSpicy: 1 times
  @WBGNBeatdown: 1 times
danraine73 mentions:
  @Kiva: 1 times
offadog mentions:
richard_zoller mentions:
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @MindyNeedsHubby: 1 times
  @verdevisao: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @BeckyJoubert: 1 times
  @becs09: 1 times
  @allyugadawg: 1 times
  @AmandaCarpenter: 1 times
brettrush mentions:
  @marlysie: 1 times
  @tiffanyalmirola: 1 times
  @LuanneDietz: 1 times
  @CourtneyCraver: 1 times
  @hydrohunt: 1 times
  @auctionsound: 1 times
  @thatsus: 1 times
allanvis mentions:
  @coisasemanal: 1 times
  @claudiosoares: 1 times
  @netunno: 1 times
  @japajapeta: 1 times
environmentmad mentions:
lee_at_l_retail mentions:
  @dogstrust: 1 times
julianofialho mentions:
  @saiagilmar: 1 times
  @VIOMUNDO: 1 times
  @pudimdepanda: 1 times
  @gabrielpevide: 1 times
  @Jutpm: 1 times
  @renatalarrosa: 1 times
  @adriblu: 1 times
  @marilizb: 1 times
louis19 mentions:
  @vinylplus: 1 times
  @hashmymusic: 1 times
  @TheCapedCod: 1 times
  @Louis19: 1 times
  @collectiblestv: 1 times
  @printsnat: 1 times
ashatl mentions:
  @VivaLaSara: 1 times
  @restartt: 1 times
  @danfys: 1 times
  @DieCer: 1 times
  @lostdogs10: 1 times
  @ZachsMind: 1 times
  @LOSTWFTB: 1 times
  @ZackJohnson16: 1 times
  @MollyFaradayYEAH: 1 times
ashantiomkar mentions:
  @robertropars: 1 times
  @auniakahn: 1 times
  @stormsage: 1 times
  @poecatt: 1 times
  @coffeetablepoet: 1 times
  @CaramelBella: 1 times
jpisanchik mentions:
  @iloveatlasgirl: 1 times
  @BestFoodBaby: 1 times
  @kingsheir: 1 times
  @JesusShow: 1 times
  @mztiffany: 1 times
  @WifeLA: 1 times
  @jpisanchik: 1 times
daveminella mentions:
  @motogpmatters: 1 times
  @motogpblog: 1 times
  @motogptalk: 1 times
  @rumblestrip: 1 times
ceemaccee mentions:
  @cakesandbakes: 1 times
putzgrila mentions:
  @Otatube: 1 times
peoplereport mentions:
  @peoplereport: 1 times
  @mrpapaleo: 1 times
  @sexythinker: 1 times
mspicy mentions:
  @WBGNBeatdown: 1 times
lizamason mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
haney259 mentions:
  @elvisofdallas: 1 times
  @wrldfms: 1 times
  @dogjustice: 1 times
  @themidnightace: 1 times
  @darevolutionary: 1 times
  @haney259: 1 times
kathrynjo mentions:
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @RickOpp: 1 times
  @mscornwall: 1 times
  @csweather: 1 times
  @Davidsno: 1 times
  @stephwick00: 1 times
  @KathrynJo: 1 times
laser mentions:
  @Th0r4z1n3: 1 times
thecta mentions:
  @JodiMaas: 1 times
  @traverselegal: 1 times
heyaddy mentions:
  @HeyAddy: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @murnahan: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
garotaacida mentions:
  @danidanczuk: 1 times
  @interney: 1 times
rorystern mentions:
  @johnmorgan: 1 times
  @tellman: 1 times
  @kylebattis: 1 times
  @bonkus: 1 times
  @Tellman: 1 times
sandramogensen mentions:
  @jonathangrimes: 1 times
weddingsites mentions:
  @JessicaBeachBum: 1 times
  @DavidBeachBum: 1 times
  @Birdsongphoto: 1 times
smido mentions:
  @abaesel: 1 times
  @BTO: 1 times
  @MeticulousBob: 1 times
  @zenbirdfeeder: 1 times
  @Yardbirder: 1 times
  @AboutBirdies: 1 times
  @BirdWatchingMag: 1 times
  @BirdGuides: 1 times
  @BumblebeeTrust: 1 times
henhousemedia mentions:
  @swichi293: 1 times
  @hashsocial: 1 times
  @MeowVT: 1 times
  @vcastro: 1 times
skinnybitch mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
angelica_maciel mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
bastable mentions:
  @Gadling: 1 times
  @bastable: 1 times
lindaptaylor mentions:
  @publicrelations: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
chinadoll_sb mentions:
  @UnckleP: 1 times
  @MizCurves: 1 times
  @Slimbodygal: 1 times
  @polo65th: 1 times
  @ChattiiCathii: 1 times
  @CousinD: 1 times
  @CHINADOllSB: 1 times
  @boknowsshoes: 1 times
  @officialbribaby: 1 times
  @MzL: 1 times
evanpokroy mentions:
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @jatheotonio: 1 times
  @ImWendy: 1 times
  @ninjen: 1 times
  @dahlhalla: 1 times
  @nil17: 1 times
dcramer mentions:
  @enoxisureka: 1 times
  @gtvone: 1 times
  @OneLuvGurl: 1 times
  @credd: 1 times
fitnesstogo mentions:
  @sarahstanley: 1 times
  @runnrgrl: 1 times
  @LisaDruxman: 1 times
  @RDcoachchristie: 1 times
  @jimmysmithtrain: 1 times
  @CathySavage: 1 times
  @MissWall: 1 times
charlieanzman mentions:
karendeadrick mentions:
  @KarenDeadrick: 1 times
melancholygeek mentions:
  @aar0nh: 1 times
  @Thespen: 1 times
  @maddking: 1 times
lgbt_news mentions:
  @stevenblue: 1 times
  @DrJared: 1 times
  @EpiphanyLemonad: 1 times
  @yero69: 1 times
  @gayritesnet: 1 times
resilientheart mentions:
  @SereneMoments: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
  @SmilingSpirit: 1 times
  @AffirmingSpirit: 1 times
  @KarenMaunaLWB: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @kathyireland: 1 times
identifykings mentions:
  @DJRAWDADDY: 1 times
sharona1968 mentions:
  @sharona1968: 1 times
stefanobernardi mentions:
  @fabiodebe: 1 times
  @kirstenwinkler: 1 times
  @glcuccureddu: 1 times
  @thestartupeu: 1 times
xpacs_ceo_scott mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @mineralrich: 1 times
  @jatheotonio: 1 times
  @yogich: 1 times
  @PatriotInExile: 1 times
  @LauraH108: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @gk4truth: 1 times
catsanat mentions:
  @visitPA: 1 times
  @lehighvalleypa: 1 times
  @visitphilly: 1 times
  @LancasterPA: 1 times
  @WilliamsportPA: 1 times
  @VisitVF: 1 times
  @UpstatePA: 1 times
  @butlercountypa: 1 times
  @vstpgh: 1 times
toddeherman mentions:
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @anitamoncrief: 1 times
amyshropshire mentions:
  @ZuDfunck: 1 times
jahiwitness mentions:
  @THICKDECADENCE@zahbutterfly: 1 times
  @SirReigns: 1 times
  @leratom: 1 times
  @UniqueFashion: 1 times
  @honeysoul: 1 times
  @andGOGH: 1 times
  @wugambina: 1 times
  @Jahiwitness: 1 times
  @twistedrocks: 1 times
sstaffieri mentions:
  @brett: 1 times
expertparalegal mentions:
jmbuckingham mentions:
  @dslifton: 1 times
jonlyles mentions:
  @KellyJones: 1 times
  @marquearts: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @iranygirl: 1 times
  @mortonfox: 1 times
  @LauraJames3: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @justthierry: 1 times
moincolumbusoh mentions:
  @OSUSquire: 1 times
  @shoetuesday: 1 times
shoq mentions:
  @kaitfoley: 1 times
  @Shoq: 1 times
techshali mentions:
lseibs mentions:
  @DWTusen: 1 times
  @NightshiftDoc: 1 times
  @lseibs: 1 times
  @AshleyRPH: 1 times
  @clblack79: 1 times
  @doclhr: 1 times
  @PillPharm: 1 times
  @Zaidah1: 1 times
markurbin mentions:
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @anitamoncrief: 1 times
splashman mentions:
  @pearsonline: 1 times
sandimon mentions:
  @drwarwick: 1 times
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
  @Smoph: 1 times
  @redshoeartist: 1 times
  @SandiMon: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @MelFresh27: 1 times
  @Puggles99: 1 times
carmenshirkey mentions:
  @VerizonNewsroom: 1 times
jimtryan mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @OperationWard57: 1 times
michaellayman mentions:
  @SourcerKelly: 1 times
jaxandj mentions:
  @SnowbellJewelry: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @jaxandj: 1 times
  @BoutiqueKarma: 1 times
  @judemcconkey: 1 times
  @lauwil243: 1 times
dezine mentions:
  @EvanPokroy: 1 times
  @ConCutieCasey: 1 times
  @avirach: 1 times
  @davidhazony: 1 times
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @smartassredhead: 1 times
  @dezine: 1 times
renagades mentions:
bstronge mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @adamostrow: 1 times
  @sharonfeder: 1 times
  @jbruin: 1 times
  @adamhirsch: 1 times
  @benparr: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @tamar: 1 times
dawncow mentions:
  @dogstrust: 1 times
nikki_madebig mentions:
  @daretodreamfund: 1 times
  @MissionInc: 1 times
  @WeCareGiving: 1 times
  @hope2revival: 1 times
  @LIEvents: 1 times
  @BetterHumanRace: 1 times
  @247moms: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @noralmt: 1 times
zwitscherwolf mentions:
  @OMLive: 1 times
attheboutique1 mentions:
  @colderICE: 1 times
ala1ne mentions:
  @McMedia: 1 times
kelbri mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
paulorossini mentions:
  @interney: 1 times
gigwise mentions:
  @zandria1: 1 times
  @alistairbeech: 1 times
  @slipknotmetal: 1 times
  @robmacca: 1 times
  @melissacarissa: 1 times
recruiterdude mentions:
  @joeprguy: 1 times
wiiloveit mentions:
  @118118: 1 times
  @Wiiloveit: 1 times
aharperhess mentions:
  @ChrisChaffin: 1 times
  @mikeMehrle: 1 times
  @8101harris: 1 times
  @careercoach: 1 times
  @rockson: 1 times
  @merrycricket: 1 times
  @wescomer: 1 times
tamster1328 mentions:
  @frogcooke: 1 times
  @DavidArchie: 1 times
ahenand2chicks mentions:
  @selfmademom: 1 times
  @weewindycity: 1 times
  @chicagoparent: 1 times
  @chicagonista: 1 times
shaunaglenn mentions:
  @talkingbeansfollowfriday: 1 times
  @Leaserr: 1 times
  @shaunaglenn: 1 times
  @ZedEssex: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
becki_s mentions:
  @MikeArgi: 1 times
  @succestips: 1 times
  @mzzlee: 1 times
  @DMSolis: 1 times
  @DamienCripps: 1 times
  @rfmf24x3: 1 times
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @psjbutler: 1 times
jwesblair mentions:
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @jwesblair: 1 times
  @KenLudwig: 1 times
  @JoeCostello: 1 times
  @sara4t4: 1 times
  @kazzyd110: 1 times
  @AlexandraOnline: 1 times
  @marta70: 1 times
  @corypopescu: 1 times
  @ItsEll: 1 times
jmctigue mentions:
  @ToniGPB: 1 times
moralsanddogma mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
cornettims mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
lopetexas mentions:
  @HauteCowgirl: 1 times
  @CowboySyndicate: 1 times
  @TheHollyLane: 1 times
  @KadiPrescott: 1 times
  @SilverSteer: 1 times
  @UBetchaApparel: 1 times
hmichaelharvey mentions:
  @JoshuaAJones: 1 times
  @DanielDwyer@LaurieShook: 1 times
  @CAllen869: 1 times
  @hmichaelharvey: 1 times
secretagentmama mentions:
  @momexperience: 1 times
  @BabitosDad: 1 times
  @burghbaby: 1 times
  @Leggox5: 1 times
  @OrdinarySarah: 1 times
  @secretagentmama: 1 times
ryderp mentions:
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
bigtennetwork mentions:
  @: 1 times
ltjgrice mentions:
  @valebrity: 1 times
  @MicheleKnight: 1 times
  @sueperkins: 1 times
  @JasonManford: 1 times
  @badblokebob: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @andynyman: 1 times
johncblack mentions:
  @KiwiGardener: 1 times
jobrieniii mentions:
hamjam01 mentions:
  @jofstar: 1 times
  @Brighteyes08: 1 times
  @BostinBloke: 1 times
  @deltamat: 1 times
iamclick mentions:
  @asialakay: 1 times
  @automaticpanic: 1 times
  @iamclick: 1 times
starshadow mentions:
  @mariramos: 1 times
  @arduinoCNN: 1 times
  @JenDelgadoCNN: 1 times
  @JennyCNN: 1 times
  @smithCNN: 1 times
inkophile mentions:
  @BoerneMD: 1 times
  @clementyeung: 1 times
  @terzy: 1 times
  @noahfleming: 1 times
  @blokeslib: 1 times
  @inkophile: 1 times
  @giclee: 1 times
  @xxmdsxx: 1 times
  @marcome: 1 times
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @boe: 1 times
paulpeixoto mentions:
  @monedays: 1 times
  @paulpeixoto: 1 times
indegoa mentions:
  @cluelessbimbo: 1 times
  @30secondstomars: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @shannonleto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
ellachou mentions:
  @marktong: 1 times
enterrealms mentions:
  @dputamadre: 1 times
  @adahmoore: 1 times
  @weirdchina: 1 times
  @videogametweets: 1 times
  @shellisxena: 1 times
  @warcrafties: 1 times
  @FunnyJoker: 1 times
  @comicsgrrl: 1 times
  @IraBenson: 1 times
suggestionchef mentions:
  @foodalimentary: 1 times
  @caribbeanfoodtv: 1 times
  @mycaribbeanfood: 1 times
j14magazine mentions:
levitanl mentions:
  @Whipoorwill: 1 times
  @spiritjump: 1 times
  @bear2care2009: 1 times
  @Defenders: 1 times
  @HatsandHugs: 1 times
sheebla mentions:
  @tamster1328: 1 times
  @frogcooke: 1 times
  @DavidArchie: 1 times
michaelhannah mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
spycnsweet mentions:
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @Spycnsweet: 1 times
royeglass mentions:
darachagi mentions:
  @snirgel: 1 times
  @missmoss: 1 times
  @leomorg: 1 times
  @Jug: 1 times
  @cainvommars: 1 times
  @flosen: 1 times
  @myrbel: 1 times
  @insanus: 1 times
youngfuture mentions:
  @YoungFuture: 1 times
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
  @PressleyGirl1: 1 times
  @BLAHSODMG: 1 times
  @TruSounz: 1 times
bpwise mentions:
  @RonGoch: 1 times
  @Gitmer: 1 times
  @FranchiseShow: 1 times
  @FranchisePick: 1 times
  @JosephCaruso: 1 times
mpositivechange mentions:
  @TheQuantumCoach: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @nicolabird: 1 times
  @liloumace: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @CCOR: 1 times
verizonnewsroom mentions:
  @VerizonVoice: 1 times
mallorydestiny mentions:
  @JeromeBalai: 1 times
raydawg13 mentions:
  @420report: 1 times
  @weedworldwide: 1 times
llamakevin mentions:
  @nibby01: 1 times
1077theend mentions:
  @: 1 times
symfonikz mentions:
  @areefuhstanklin: 1 times
  @odotjdot: 1 times
  @robinista: 1 times
  @tatianak: 1 times
  @kirkfranklin: 1 times
nicolethebear mentions:
  @TheNextWeb: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @icerocket: 1 times
dg411 mentions:
  @jennygirl7: 1 times
whoji mentions:
  @mcboniofollowfriday: 1 times
  @TheMasterBrewer: 1 times
  @QuirkyBoutique: 1 times
  @tattoojam: 1 times
  @badijones: 1 times
pagesage mentions:
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @nicolevsanchez: 1 times
  @nowareland: 1 times
  @nongling: 1 times
  @nurul54: 1 times
  @ourwisteriahill: 1 times
  @pagesage: 1 times
  @pastachick: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
admiralsclub mentions:
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @TravelwithJulie: 1 times
  @whereivebeen: 1 times
  @onearthtravel: 1 times
  @cityspur: 1 times
  @TravMediaUSA: 1 times
  @simpliflying: 1 times
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
yuvalararat mentions:
  @glennhilton: 1 times
netta50 mentions:
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
joannahelmer mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
visitvf mentions:
  @visitPA: 1 times
  @lehighvalleypa: 1 times
  @visitphilly: 1 times
  @LancasterPA: 1 times
  @WilliamsportPA: 1 times
  @UpstatePA: 1 times
  @butlercountypa: 1 times
  @vstpgh: 1 times
  @laurelhighlands: 1 times
gilerra mentions:
  @Graciouskisay: 2 times
  @SDotBeatZ: 2 times
  @tricky1987: 1 times
  @artoise: 1 times
  @Gilerra: 1 times
  @Diggydash: 1 times
  @Samatchma: 1 times
eric_urbane mentions:
  @swoodruff: 1 times
mageep mentions:
  @jalopnik: 1 times
  @musclecars4sale: 1 times
  @teambigfthunter: 1 times
  @autobahnmag: 1 times
notdiyheather mentions:
  @MobiMom: 1 times
  @: 1 times
famhealthguide mentions:
  @KeithMolloy: 1 times
  @narinaanne: 1 times
  @famhealthguide: 1 times
  @jlabadie72: 1 times
  @skiningham: 1 times
  @outdoorfit: 1 times
  @aycfit: 1 times
fashion_anna mentions:
  @bellab12: 1 times
  @gigbix: 1 times
  @markgirlBoston: 1 times
  @collegefashion: 1 times
  @selahdor: 1 times
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @brianreyes: 1 times
malakithemosthi mentions:
  @EbGbmusic: 1 times
  @copywrite: 1 times
  @illbill1972: 1 times
  @hexmurda: 1 times
  @hipticscom: 1 times
  @DJbet: 1 times
  @senimsilla: 1 times
  @randysavarese: 1 times
  @mrchief: 1 times
  @theeinferno: 1 times
  @djdonq: 1 times
rossmiles mentions:
  @sj39: 1 times
  @LL91: 1 times
  @donnieavery: 1 times
  @LaRoiGlover: 1 times
  @TurfShowTimes: 1 times
  @RamsGab: 1 times
  @nflrams: 1 times
  @OneRamsWay: 1 times
subrbanoblivion mentions:
  @pauloflaherty: 1 times
cbwhittemore mentions:
  @swoodruff: 1 times
lovilu mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @Trachenacont: 1 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @LoViLu: 1 times
  @: 1 times
wonderwy mentions:
  @chadengle: 1 times
69sheriffjezzy mentions:
  @philkirby: 1 times
micheleknight mentions:
  @Avenefica: 1 times
adkphoto mentions:
  @NancyCSwisher: 1 times
carloskaleo mentions:
  @carloskaleo: 1 times
  @ezirkataryna: 1 times
macintom mentions:
  @macwingnut: 1 times
  @snowbutterfly: 1 times
  @MacSparky: 1 times
  @jane73: 1 times
  @surfbits: 1 times
  @victorcajiao: 1 times
  @photoandmac: 1 times
  @Gazmaz: 1 times
  @marieboyer: 1 times
honk4peace mentions:
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
atisocialmktg mentions:
  @mcort: 1 times
  @michalemaas: 1 times
ohvamom mentions:
  @Brooke2404: 1 times
marcooth mentions:
  @Gracedent: 1 times
  @MissBarry: 1 times
  @Grindrod: 1 times
  @comedybeard: 1 times
  @pudu321: 1 times
traceytarrant mentions:
  @maraboosliperz: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @HeidiNabert: 1 times
  @randart: 1 times
  @abbebuck: 1 times
  @ATsLady@nelsonmaud: 1 times
xxparanoid mentions:
  @PETERFACINELLI: 1 times
sleeeping mentions:
  @mom2mysixpack: 1 times
  @stephanieelliot: 1 times
  @McMommyblog: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @modulista: 1 times
  @twitgoddess: 1 times
sharsboutique mentions:
  @SunflowerBoutiq: 1 times
  @attheboutique1: 1 times
  @cleothinksgreen: 1 times
  @Eclecticdealer: 1 times
  @renagades: 1 times
  @RVT01: 1 times
  @gypsytrading: 1 times
  @diaperchef: 1 times
gsorensen mentions:
  @LouYoungNY: 1 times
  @SteveScottWCBS: 1 times
  @markknoller: 1 times
  @HowardKurtz: 1 times
  @brianstelter: 1 times
  @judymartin8: 1 times
  @DarynKagan: 1 times
  @KJohnsonNYC: 1 times
larry_t mentions:
damienfranco mentions:
  @lensculture: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
mimi_mir mentions:
  @BootsieRae: 1 times
  @hunnibeez: 1 times
  @cowgirloasis: 1 times
  @birddogsprofits: 1 times
  @mimimir: 1 times
  @EquinePractice: 1 times
laurababbili mentions:
  @brocode: 1 times
amlemus mentions:
  @calebmasland: 1 times
  @britishbulldog: 1 times
  @kimokali: 1 times
  @runnerdude: 1 times
  @ahanu: 1 times
  @korevec: 1 times
  @simpsoka: 1 times
  @nektonanticmc: 1 times
  @joggerslife: 1 times
anotherjulia mentions:
  @TasminArcher: 1 times
talktoanit mentions:
  @hramos: 1 times
dereknolan mentions:
  @kellieparker: 1 times
  @cinemablend: 1 times
  @kpereira: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @trixie360: 1 times
  @KenPlume: 1 times
  @chrisgrant: 1 times
  @KareemHarper: 1 times
  @CheapyD: 1 times
leighellwood mentions:
  @purpleprosaic: 1 times
turtlelady81 mentions:
  @uuplanet: 1 times
nirvdrum mentions:
  @haruska: 1 times
  @igrigorik: 1 times
  @snapmylife: 1 times
  @ilanrubin: 1 times
  @jesserand: 1 times
  @graysky: 1 times
juliebavi mentions:
  @skydiver: 1 times
  @PRVille: 1 times
  @alivingator: 1 times
suzthompson mentions:
  @: 1 times
bbunderground mentions:
  @inhabitedvoid: 1 times
  @Toddboy71: 1 times
  @makirules: 1 times
  @bbgeekchic: 1 times
  @ShontaeB: 1 times
  @Oakville: 1 times
  @cellguru: 1 times
  @EmilieClarke: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @Lyoness: 1 times
ebaycoach mentions:
  @entrepredivaRT: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
mirelemigli mentions:
  @joiceg: 1 times
  @arantes: 1 times
  @CelsoPortiolli: 1 times
jrporter mentions:
  @singlemommacc: 1 times
  @missive: 1 times
  @riasharon: 1 times
  @morgandaycecil: 1 times
  @zenmommy: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @lucidinsanity: 1 times
lexycheers mentions:
  @christopherbwFollowFriday: 1 times
  @LexyCheers: 1 times
pwarms mentions:
  @alexslemonade: 1 times
  @lemonadeJay: 1 times
  @laurenpaddison: 1 times
  @everydaydrinkers: 1 times
  @cocktailspirit: 1 times
  @singlemalting: 1 times
bjr70 mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
petnanny1 mentions:
  @Findafurry: 1 times
  @ramkinrats: 1 times
ryanatmghwom mentions:
avibabi mentions:
  @kfirpravda: 1 times
  @juded: 1 times
  @yosid: 1 times
  @molenik: 1 times
  @channel2news: 1 times
  @macTweeter: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
  @maayancohen: 1 times
  @gevakraoz: 1 times
  @PremiumRadio: 1 times
napoleao mentions:
  @felipegomes: 1 times
  @marcelotas: 1 times
mandreano mentions:
  @murnahan: 1 times
kekalilin mentions:
  @mrperro: 1 times
  @ifanini: 1 times
p2styles mentions:
  @ninamorena: 1 times
  @p2styles: 1 times
  @jodinescorner: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @tycohen: 1 times
  @fusicology: 1 times
  @whatisgoodmusic: 1 times
shoppinglinda mentions:
mcbennett6 mentions:
  @APStylebook: 1 times
operpranosaurus mentions:
  @FK: 1 times
  @nbrockman: 1 times
  @BallRubberband: 1 times
  @apricotica: 1 times
  @magdor: 1 times
  @AllisonRozsa: 1 times
youthconspiracy mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
dougphoto mentions:
  @psbphotography: 1 times
  @foodimages: 1 times
  @planetMitch: 1 times
  @Paul: 1 times
  @SherriMeyer: 1 times
  @brianhthomas: 1 times
  @robertcaplin: 1 times
psmom mentions:
  @mmWine: 1 times
  @OrdinarySarah: 1 times
  @crazyadventures: 1 times
  @babysteph: 1 times
  @SortaCrunchy: 1 times
  @Freebies4Mom: 1 times
  @roxanne600: 1 times
  @cbethblog: 1 times
mjcarter mentions:
  @tektitegroup: 1 times
  @tastycms: 1 times
pudditatso mentions:
  @teamwinnipeg: 2 times
  @civlee: 2 times
  @gnizz: 2 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @demiwood: 1 times
  @catndaboyz: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @guy: 1 times
setonmotley mentions:
  @philipaklein: 1 times
grrlwonder mentions:
  @jeayese: 1 times
  @theiphoneblog: 1 times
  @HackThatiFone: 1 times
  @Sims2: 1 times
  @scoopie77: 1 times
allthebestblog mentions:
  @TayByrneDodge: 1 times
  @EverythingFab: 1 times
krazykriz mentions:
  @mixtmedia: 1 times
  @OGIConference: 1 times
  @Gov2Events: 1 times
  @GovLoop: 1 times
  @GovExec: 1 times
djchuckclasik mentions:
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @DjPanic: 1 times
  @rustymk2: 1 times
  @DJMALIKSHABAZZ: 1 times
  @murphylee: 1 times
  @SHAWTYPUTT: 1 times
  @noemoney: 1 times
  @jexclusivo: 1 times
  @DJSKNO: 1 times
  @DjTwyst: 1 times
  @djchuckclasik: 1 times
joebendesigns mentions:
  @Jedi1123: 1 times
  @robsessiondotca: 1 times
  @itsyblue: 1 times
  @IamAngela: 1 times
  @emmcurrie: 1 times
rperro mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
wwf_climate mentions:
  @museii: 1 times
robertjkennedy mentions:
  @MoviesOnTCM: 1 times
scrapiana mentions:
  @londonveggarden: 1 times
thayeravenue mentions:
  @paperclippy: 1 times
babygeniusgirl mentions:
  @hamjam01: 1 times
  @babygeniusgirl: 1 times
  @Fanlock: 1 times
georgehopkin mentions:
  @mattwaldram: 1 times
  @braincrayon: 1 times
  @greenwriterorg: 1 times
  @davidflint69: 1 times
  @strawmanmovie: 1 times
  @TinkyPom: 1 times
  @nashg: 1 times
wcbe905columbus mentions:
  @bmoore: 2 times
cleothinksgreen mentions:
  @balmeras: 1 times
  @: 1 times
nsbecanada mentions:
  @usnavyisdiverse: 1 times
  @R2VC: 1 times
  @Region2FRCChair: 1 times
  @METROLI: 1 times
  @delanowhite: 1 times
  @AinsleyStewartJ: 1 times
  @gradengineer: 1 times
  @VenusAthena: 1 times
  @MrComus: 1 times
ogiconference mentions:
  @govloop: 1 times
  @MedC2: 1 times
  @govwiki: 1 times
  @mixtmedia: 1 times
  @cheekygeeky: 1 times
  @govfresh: 1 times
  @jduncanMACD: 1 times
  @CenDemTech: 1 times
  @whitehouse: 1 times
  @whitehouseblog: 1 times
  @defensenews: 1 times
aliciaas mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @onyxdog: 1 times
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @iamkhayyam: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
walidmrealtor mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
  @tomraines: 1 times
jgrubbs mentions:
  @Z883FM: 1 times
  @EllisFeaster: 1 times
  @ZDeano: 1 times
  @melonymckaye: 1 times
  @Zwolfman: 1 times
  @CarrieLaw: 1 times
  @JeffCruz883: 1 times
growingfood mentions:
  @Plantpassionfollowfriday: 1 times
  @growingfood: 1 times
donaldbond mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @davegriffin: 1 times
  @DonaldBond: 1 times
  @EricBooth: 1 times
  @scottflaherty: 1 times
lauren0709 mentions:
thekush mentions:
  @SteveSherron: 1 times
glynmoody mentions:
  @indianfolklore: 1 times
saintbr mentions:
  @alexprimo: 1 times
  @claudiokleisjr: 1 times
  @trentin: 1 times
  @lenteaberta: 1 times
  @obrunomendonca: 1 times
  @marcelosiqueira: 1 times
  @jwizard: 1 times
  @catiafb: 1 times
sandinj mentions:
  @LuvToSparkLe: 1 times
thiagoferreira mentions:
  @eucrio: 1 times
  @icaromedeiros: 1 times
  @isabelle: 1 times
  @juliofigueiredo: 1 times
  @lobowski: 1 times
  @markusphillipe: 1 times
  @misteriousn: 1 times
  @pablocasado: 1 times
  @victorcyreno: 1 times
kerryqp mentions:
  @mvmassagefollowfriday: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
  @tamaryr: 1 times
  @MVineyarder: 1 times
  @cjrivard: 1 times
  @sitkacreations: 1 times
  @KatamaGeneral: 1 times
  @KerryQP: 1 times
daybreak_ mentions:
  @pedroteich: 1 times
  @JMF1957: 1 times
  @RicardoVilhena: 1 times
  @rjpinto1: 1 times
  @PaulaCSimoes: 1 times
  @SusanaRMartins: 1 times
  @HenriquMonteiro: 1 times
anamolly mentions:
  @jasonbradford: 1 times
paintedphoto mentions:
  @RoPipitone: 1 times
  @Lyonors: 1 times
  @JeanneBehr: 1 times
  @MelDePaoli: 1 times
  @westonlyon: 1 times
  @JenStockdale: 1 times
  @CreatingSoul: 1 times
  @PaintedPhoto: 1 times
  @zackroach: 1 times
mishtranslation mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
andreaegassner mentions:
  @HowStuffWorks: 1 times
writerroxanne mentions:
  @lesanto: 1 times
imhighonlife mentions:
  @KatieG28: 1 times
  @ChrisVoss: 1 times
  @imhighonlife: 1 times
  @GabrielleSara: 1 times
  @walterdoc: 1 times
  @TruthTweet: 1 times
kazwccsocialnet mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @retnev: 1 times
thiagorsr mentions:
  @giseleh: 1 times
  @bobfernandes: 1 times
navanax mentions:
  @pvaras: 1 times
blindfaith73 mentions:
  @ADHDHunter: 1 times
ruijscosta mentions:
  @VitorFraga: 1 times
  @Zeavy: 1 times
  @samchange: 1 times
  @albanoalfredo: 1 times
  @alexgamela: 1 times
  @iRupeal: 1 times
  @luizhguimaraes: 1 times
  @pafmax: 1 times
  @pmol: 1 times
  @BUGabundo: 1 times
daminilo mentions:
  @Greene4U: 1 times
  @leslieberg: 1 times
  @xoxopommer: 1 times
  @dougenright: 1 times
  @Tat2dMusician: 1 times
  @nicksummy: 1 times
  @josephpiearson: 1 times
  @thecajunboy: 1 times
  @moonfrye: 1 times
sara7x mentions:
  @gizmoalex: 1 times
  @perfectdenial: 1 times
  @pjcoughlin: 1 times
  @anarbor: 1 times
  @thecab: 1 times
  @xchadballx: 1 times
  @yelyahwilliams: 1 times
ecoboom mentions:
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @goodwillharvest: 1 times
  @ByDezin: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @wecansave: 1 times
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @catesaunders: 1 times
  @steveffeo: 1 times
avelient mentions:
  @YahyaHenry: 1 times
bearbob mentions:
  @danielrhorton: 1 times
  @ProfSHawking: 1 times
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @therealbuzz: 1 times
marri1 mentions:
  @Beck: 1 times
sa1ntc mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
  @ReneeBWalker: 1 times
schrestman mentions:
  @luispagliaro: 1 times
  @computertechie7: 1 times
  @taseidl: 1 times
  @mrtito: 1 times
  @hootharted: 1 times
  @gtoribio: 1 times
  @jencookies: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @perlstalker: 1 times
  @chrislei: 1 times
windyhill mentions:
  @aspca: 1 times
  @wspa: 1 times
  @AmericanHumane: 1 times
  @natureorg: 1 times
  @grist: 1 times
  @nwf: 1 times
  @sfspca: 1 times
imagelicious mentions:
  @yummit: 1 times
  @Whiskfoodblog: 1 times
  @foodimages: 1 times
  @foodtvdotca: 1 times
  @Foodbridge: 1 times
marcorigobelli mentions:
  @oimperador: 1 times
  @nilsonjr: 1 times
  @celsoportiolli: 1 times
mmccubb mentions:
  @dlayphoto: 1 times
  @msnbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnn: 1 times
airric75 mentions:
  @jmarkhagan: 1 times
  @andyswingley: 1 times
  @culturedude: 1 times
  @culturebabe: 1 times
  @sexythinker: 1 times
  @lhardy: 1 times
  @kolsen: 1 times
gregray7 mentions:
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
webrocketvideo mentions:
  @AdventureFarm: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @NYPhilanthropy: 1 times
  @Top10Causes: 1 times
  @smiletrain: 1 times
hoboprophet mentions:
  @hardings930@Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @revegas@lindseymalone: 1 times
  @iambriangreen: 1 times
johnwaire mentions:
  @littlejack: 1 times
snakecharmed mentions:
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @FashionlyNews: 1 times
  @Cars4Causes: 1 times
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @Greengamma: 1 times
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @outlawontheedge: 1 times
sarahharries mentions:
  @malkinbister: 1 times
  @jimboeth: 1 times
  @pinstripe101: 1 times
  @tubbscmcguire: 1 times
  @youhippy: 1 times
fussbudgetpromo mentions:
  @wordexplorer: 1 times
  @dalm8ton: 1 times
  @JustPerfect: 1 times
  @CrescentMoonNC: 1 times
  @KWhite16131: 1 times
  @JohnHinnant: 1 times
  @Jennafleur: 1 times
  @rightleftstudio: 1 times
  @cammicam: 1 times
ml730wb mentions:
asiantees mentions:
  @VirtualYoga: 1 times
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
  @TimNebergall: 1 times
  @jantoomer: 1 times
  @pinkheels: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @luv4Animation: 1 times
  @Skyogamassage: 1 times
z0mbieninja mentions:
  @Ade1965: 1 times
  @Cisklager@ucana422: 1 times
  @laurakeon@b422: 1 times
  @emnorm: 1 times
  @EmilioKaram: 1 times
tuliovianna mentions:
  @semiramis: 1 times
  @iavelar: 1 times
  @UNAbr: 1 times
  @partidopiratabr: 1 times
  @alexandresl: 1 times
stableinphotos mentions:
  @swichi293: 1 times
  @bestphotography: 1 times
  @CoolPics: 1 times
  @clickwindrepeat: 1 times
  @gridskipper007: 1 times
  @tracytesmer: 1 times
  @peteyphoto: 1 times
swonderlin mentions:
  @DMosley: 1 times
  @jmosley: 1 times
iohe mentions:
  @davidsteven: 1 times
  @AlbertoNardelli: 1 times
  @: 3 times
bisfitty mentions:
  @HaroldFTW: 1 times
jtonline mentions:
  @ottomate: 1 times
thix mentions:
  @JoaoFToledo: 1 times
  @vcjura: 1 times
  @ritaigual: 1 times
  @airwoman: 1 times
  @fernandaheck: 1 times
  @mvsmotta: 1 times
julibarcelona mentions:
  @ShowandTell: 1 times
charlie_elise mentions:
  @tim: 1 times
  @Albertonardelli: 1 times
  @: 3 times
eftpraxis mentions:
  @ReikiAwakening: 1 times
  @SophieLhoste: 1 times
  @faeriewitch1228: 1 times
  @reikifurbabies: 1 times
  @empoweredandfit: 1 times
  @reikimoon: 1 times
  @ch: 1 times
melanaonthepath mentions:
  @BritBoy: 1 times
  @AYellowHouse: 1 times
  @DeanaMartina: 1 times
  @PYNTK: 1 times
  @alisonlodge: 1 times
  @lidian: 1 times
  @mjgolch: 1 times
  @MelanaOnThePath: 1 times
afzee mentions:
  @donmarkweb: 1 times
  @Harith: 1 times
  @webmarketingmav: 1 times
  @virtualmarketer: 1 times
  @seotips2go: 1 times
  @SEOcopy: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
javierpreda mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @timoreily: 1 times
  @KevinSpacey: 1 times
spartz mentions:
  @palmamod: 1 times
  @AlbertoNardelli: 1 times
  @: 3 times
tobiasfransson mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @TheRyansWell: 1 times
jimkondo mentions:
  @LaneyRay: 1 times
  @JimKondo: 1 times
  @mwallengren: 1 times
  @OneCoach: 1 times
  @JohnAssaraf: 1 times
  @PeaceDiva: 1 times
  @BeRichCoach: 1 times
skintelligence mentions:
  @MyArmyLife: 1 times
  @ArmyWellBeing: 1 times
brooklynmarylee mentions:
  @realjonstewart: 1 times
cumbers mentions:
  @jtonline: 1 times
  @PeterHenley: 1 times
  @: 3 times
  @AlbertoNardelli: 1 times
butterflyceo mentions:
  @GlenL: 1 times
  @sassysarah82: 1 times
  @SocialiteEst783: 1 times
  @ButterflyCEO: 1 times
  @modeltmarlene: 1 times
  @CassyJ: 1 times
  @ClubCushions: 1 times
  @MarieDenee: 1 times
  @fullerwomanexpo: 1 times
luciantarnowski mentions:
  @AlbertoNardelli: 1 times
  @: 3 times
lemonytea mentions:
dahoneydip mentions:
  @LPGthatDude: 2 times
  @SoundBoyFast: 1 times
  @KRYSTEEZY: 1 times
  @PauseProof: 1 times
  @DaHoneyDipa: 1 times
  @ErOneH8zDerek: 1 times
delaneygates mentions:
  @delaneygates: 1 times
  @brandonacox: 1 times
  @jaythornton000: 1 times
  @murdog: 1 times
  @jkincy: 1 times
  @kevinthornton: 1 times
  @ryanwells: 1 times
  @elisemitch: 1 times
  @RFInteractive: 1 times
prosice mentions:
  @BaronBoys: 1 times
  @Boi1da: 1 times
  @NesiaBeatz: 1 times
  @Jyoungmusic: 1 times
  @Dro214: 1 times
  @prosice: 1 times
  @hustleGRL: 1 times
  @knesecary83: 1 times
  @angelzdope: 1 times
  @SiahSaySo: 1 times
  @KaliyahPjones: 1 times
murphysblues mentions:
  @LostAirman: 1 times
  @daveraven: 1 times
  @worldofblues: 1 times
  @sassjordan: 1 times
  @mikeferrin175: 1 times
  @miavermillion: 1 times
  @theashgrove: 1 times
  @bluzndablood: 1 times
abtteen mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @TheRyansWell: 1 times
meghankathleen mentions:
  @HamesJ: 1 times
cande99 mentions:
  @chriscirillo: 1 times
no0kie mentions:
  @bhanle: 1 times
  @srtaiscudeler: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
  @HTreal: 1 times
  @stefanycury: 1 times
  @spinallhead: 1 times
  @marcelotas: 1 times
  @guty2081: 1 times
  @loissey: 1 times
  @mayumiotani: 1 times
clutterdiet mentions:
  @DawnSandomeno: 1 times
bluetidepro mentions:
  @x1life1dreamx: 1 times
  @Laurenkatee: 1 times
  @UnderoathBand: 1 times
  @jlharter: 1 times
  @TheMeredithA: 1 times
  @hrtofthematter: 1 times
  @jeffburnett375: 1 times
  @RemiRockit: 1 times
  @firebelly: 1 times
twi5 mentions:
  @pattyfarmer: 1 times
  @cheth: 1 times
  @dharshana: 1 times
  @philippmuller: 1 times
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @LVRehabDeals: 1 times
  @shahriarhkhan: 1 times
  @NerdBoyTV: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
  @richiereveley2: 1 times
ediciuz mentions:
tracyleacarnes mentions:
  @katscratchfilms: 1 times
zunaid mentions:
  @phryl: 1 times
lunaliu mentions:
  @JeffQuickle: 1 times
love2cookmb mentions:
  @bakespace: 1 times
  @missjoy4: 1 times
  @culinaryalchemy: 1 times
  @lissah23: 1 times
  @cara1971: 1 times
  @cwiech: 1 times
  @woodlandspryte: 1 times
hellenna mentions:
  @SusanMcLennan: 1 times
  @ElspethMurray: 1 times
bjflaggatnurenu mentions:
  @richgeecoaching: 1 times
thaissiqueira mentions:
  @andrelennon: 1 times
disneyparkmedia mentions:
  @mouseofzen: 1 times
sgordon70 mentions:
  @Glennlist: 1 times
  @jessicalee: 1 times
  @fishdogs: 1 times
  @cheezhead: 1 times
  @researchgoddess: 1 times
  @Recruitingfreak: 1 times
  @sgordon70: 1 times
misterdisney mentions:
  @NDM1: 1 times
  @WonderlandPlan: 1 times
twenty3x mentions:
  @marieiris: 1 times
  @michaelGregoire: 1 times
lorryholly mentions:
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @ELF1978: 1 times
  @Jaypeee: 1 times
  @TaniaLT: 1 times
bamaphotopro mentions:
  @jasminemarie: 1 times
  @phindyphil: 1 times
  @terradawn: 1 times
  @alexrodriguez: 1 times
  @jaysbryant: 1 times
  @traycmary: 1 times
  @emilieinc: 1 times
  @livebook: 1 times
  @mooreclick: 1 times
kylesteed mentions:
  @designbyrafael: 1 times
  @justcreative: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @unmatchedstyle: 1 times
  @abduzeedo: 1 times
weblaureate mentions:
  @rmilana: 1 times
  @vewe: 1 times
canarsiebk mentions:
  @balmeras: 1 times
dparvin mentions:
  @buxtontheblue: 1 times
  @CopeKills: 1 times
  @DarrenCarnall: 1 times
  @dparvin: 1 times
  @mikegayle: 1 times
  @nickjfrost: 1 times
  @pablodoom: 1 times
civanoinn mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
jackawful mentions:
jermtech mentions:
  @oakbrookchurch: 1 times
  @artsymom31: 1 times
  @markmalin: 1 times
  @jlee268: 1 times
  @joellarison: 1 times
  @samburke: 1 times
  @rondamalin: 1 times
  @nikochiko: 1 times
  @jbbraun: 1 times
  @morgancafe: 1 times
xstevemx mentions:
  @chellew: 1 times
  @MyMoggy: 1 times
lighthouse_li mentions:
  @HockeyBarn: 1 times
seasidestudio mentions:
  @create4you: 1 times
  @caronsbeachhs: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @HennArtOnline: 1 times
  @Rainbowz1022: 1 times
zachermediapr mentions:
  @JamesAkersJr: 1 times
emodori mentions:
  @Pepe92: 1 times
  @MackyCan: 1 times
  @ubercoolnerd: 1 times
  @xSammehh: 1 times
  @garbageETC: 1 times
  @TheRRatedRebel: 1 times
awakencoaching mentions:
  @giftsandvoucher: 1 times
kellyatng mentions:
  @sarahmorgan: 1 times
  @skimbaco: 1 times
redfront mentions:
  @coulsonmacleod: 1 times
pearlmustafa mentions:
  @timjedwardsFollowFriday@johnwlittle@JennTex@reedsmith@texashospitals@kswli@RachelatTHR@CynthiaBaker@PearlMustafa@ljstarnes: 1 times
fishinole1 mentions:
  @MountainDan: 1 times
  @PhishVT: 1 times
  @duanebrown: 1 times
  @tenakalaz: 1 times
  @datadirt: 1 times
  @nicmitham: 1 times
  @BobZinger: 1 times
  @LisaJohnson: 1 times
  @mountainlaura: 1 times
  @runawayJimPVD: 1 times
bluecardigan mentions:
  @urbandurham: 1 times
jonerz mentions:
  @DavidArchie: 1 times
feedme1982 mentions:
  @marcydepina: 1 times
  @djlefty401: 1 times
  @djguelas: 1 times
  @heavytone: 1 times
  @gottempo: 1 times
  @thafunkhouse: 1 times
bcourtney mentions:
  @elizabethsosnow: 1 times
bloodhoundndots mentions:
  @2woofers: 1 times
ddsweets mentions:
  @VConfections: 1 times
  @justbakin@Vconfections: 1 times
  @LttleSnowflakes@haveitsweet@sweetlollipop: 1 times
identitypr mentions:
  @bchesnutt: 1 times
  @TwitArtDotCom: 1 times
  @ctechsinc: 1 times
djowvi mentions:
  @TWIITTECO: 2 times
  @RodolfoRMarques: 1 times
  @hugomello: 1 times
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
  @BrunoSwell: 1 times
  @GFlorees: 1 times
  @TatiSanchesT: 1 times
  @Bemcapaz: 1 times
dutchboyva mentions:
  @gillybean27: 1 times
  @Brooklynnbk: 1 times
  @moniquebaines: 1 times
  @Pro37phet: 1 times
  @DutchboyVa: 1 times
  @lisalace: 1 times
  @cire: 1 times
  @tasteofhoney: 1 times
  @ad24fans: 1 times
  @TheBayBarbie: 1 times
lilrundlett mentions:
  @BravoCharlotte: 1 times
  @lilrundlett: 1 times
bjgardner mentions:
  @yashka: 1 times
  @bjgardner: 1 times
  @zbluemoon: 1 times
allpraise mentions:
  @edstetzer: 1 times
  @mandythompson: 1 times
  @jayhardwick: 1 times
  @Smyrl: 1 times
  @MarkBatterson: 1 times
  @daveferguson: 1 times
  @CatalystLeader: 1 times
  @MichaelHyatt: 1 times
joseadolfo mentions:
smilingspirit mentions:
  @dralaterdzo: 1 times
  @georgekao: 1 times
  @marcthom: 1 times
  @smilingspirit: 1 times
  @fivedirections: 1 times
elviejon mentions:
  @adsnell2004: 1 times
  @allisonsnell: 1 times
  @EJProwl: 1 times
  @ElViejon: 1 times
  @serasal: 1 times
btarver mentions:
  @thehrgoddess: 1 times
  @WestLinn63: 1 times
  @EPetersonSPHR: 1 times
  @HRIQ: 1 times
  @beneubanks: 1 times
  @TrishHR: 1 times
  @bncarvin: 1 times
  @Alexi415: 1 times
  @krisplantrich: 1 times
  @OPCGal: 1 times
dropsy mentions:
  @bigtimDO: 1 times
gamestownnews mentions:
  @kleberpessoa: 1 times
  @GamesTownNews: 1 times
  @nintendoblast: 1 times
  @flaviagasi: 1 times
  @sega: 1 times
  @gametrailers: 1 times
  @ubisoft: 1 times
  @gamekicker: 1 times
  @gamedaily: 1 times
newyounow mentions:
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @judismile: 1 times
  @MSJA: 1 times
  @MuzixPowerDuo: 1 times
  @mylesmiller: 1 times
  @NakedMushroom: 1 times
  @nehabebo: 1 times
  @newmeOo: 1 times
veronicatanbk mentions:
  @Vetashep: 1 times
  @Loris4Jesus: 1 times
  @angelajones1: 1 times
  @Annesu: 1 times
  @ada1276: 1 times
  @RevAngela: 1 times
  @VeronicaTanBK: 1 times
chrisonair2 mentions:
  @Underdad: 1 times
  @LOACoach: 1 times
  @davidschirmer: 1 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @1kecko: 1 times
  @AllanMinus: 1 times
  @Tiggrr1: 1 times
  @JOSER384: 1 times
  @JenJoyner: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
ajupresident mentions:
  @Thumper545: 1 times
  @ajupresident: 1 times
  @jarrodmorgan: 1 times
  @alainafaith: 1 times
  @ginnysis: 1 times
mattjabs mentions:
  @GetOutOfDebtGuy: 1 times
  @MattJabs: 1 times
blitfin mentions:
  @LairBob: 1 times
  @fireland: 7 times
zackatoustra mentions:
bossladitoya mentions:
  @montsterr: 1 times
rhappe mentions:
  @cdn: 1 times
  @4KM: 1 times
  @hjarche: 1 times
  @janosizoltan: 1 times
  @Lieneuh: 1 times
  @MediaCoach: 1 times
  @rhappe: 1 times
  @rondon: 1 times
billfranco mentions:
  @MPFranco: 1 times
  @RoXyGurl: 1 times
  @DonSchnure: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
  @texastoker: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @JimDeMint: 1 times
  @BadisBlues: 1 times
va4growth1 mentions:
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @exframebuilder: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @ideaman21: 1 times
  @sandraeyoung: 1 times
  @TheHuffGroup: 1 times
  @MarieVENEIZA: 1 times
dsfq mentions:
  @CakeorDeathCA: 1 times
  @phdinparenting: 1 times
  @DailyAtheist: 1 times
tabycat74 mentions:
  @snapplynn: 1 times
nkoscielniak mentions:
  @LibertyMaven: 1 times
  @thekmgirl: 1 times
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
  @PunkJohnnyCash: 1 times
  @WeatherMike: 1 times
  @JaseLP: 1 times
  @ViolettaVelvet: 1 times
  @CoolHandLuke70: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
sidx001 mentions:
  @AWhitesPhoto: 1 times
  @TaylorMaePhoto: 1 times
thenation mentions:
  @chrislhayes: 1 times
  @AriMelber: 1 times
  @peterrothberg: 1 times
  @jeremyscahill: 1 times
nmcgivney mentions:
  @mediabite: 1 times
  @ruthseeley: 1 times
infra52x mentions:
  @mauvais73: 1 times
  @leomtxwebmaster: 1 times
soejima mentions:
  @marcelotasfollowfriday: 1 times
  @politicAetica: 1 times
tyhildebrand mentions:
  @1859magazine: 1 times
jenniferjade_ mentions:
  @NCISfanatic: 1 times
benmettler mentions:
  @WhoIsAndyBarnes: 1 times
levyathenn mentions:
  @destroytheearth: 1 times
seonachbar mentions:
  @danwegne: 1 times
joel22882 mentions:
  @arikhanson: 1 times
annedovel mentions:
  @phil90: 1 times
  @GOfifer: 1 times
atwallace mentions:
  @faithdunbar: 1 times
  @jasorod1: 1 times
  @trierstudio: 1 times
  @hiddenplace: 1 times
  @atwallace: 1 times
raisingluna mentions:
  @moonfrye: 1 times
neilschlager mentions:
  @jafurtado: 1 times
noirlashlounge mentions:
  @beautyaddict: 1 times
ablars mentions:
  @julibarcelona: 1 times
  @AbLars: 1 times
  @DaleCarnegie: 1 times
blackdragon1969 mentions:
  @never2old2: 1 times
  @HellOnThisEarth: 1 times
  @KrispyB: 1 times
  @Funckynickie: 1 times
  @nickaigent: 1 times
wordsright mentions:
  @Nevidge20: 1 times
apahelpcenter mentions:
  @DrDavidBallard: 1 times
raisedonindie mentions:
brendaglodt mentions:
  @rustydeals: 1 times
  @1859magazine: 1 times
dmosley mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @JMosley: 1 times
  @DMosley: 1 times
tgarlanger mentions:
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @xtapol: 1 times
  @forrestfanatic: 1 times
  @Gemstars: 1 times
  @upwardaction: 1 times
  @lopnet: 1 times
  @KirksTweeting: 1 times
  @golfnovels: 1 times
  @irishduke: 1 times
djikegda mentions:
  @dj3316: 1 times
  @djblord: 1 times
  @DJFLASHJLEAGUE: 1 times
  @skillzthedj: 1 times
  @djscratch: 1 times
  @djjazzyjeff215: 1 times
  @thecoredjs: 1 times
mommommom mentions:
  @dannywhitehouse: 1 times
scottmonty mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
  @zslaton: 1 times
carolinemichaud mentions:
  @SusanEJacobsen: 1 times
  @BadPitch: 1 times
jeanannvk mentions:
  @Shibaguyz: 1 times
  @lynndorman: 1 times
  @existentialgard: 1 times
  @SuburbanFarmer: 1 times
  @aliciaghio: 1 times
  @Scatoma: 1 times
  @cityslipper: 1 times
lippylauri mentions:
  @johnleesandiego: 1 times
  @SunnyStokes: 1 times
  @AmericanTweets: 1 times
  @thejoshuablog: 1 times
  @KagroX: 1 times
akalostangel mentions:
  @CJLeBlanc: 1 times
  @gregvaughan: 1 times
  @soxnfinsfan: 1 times
  @DavidLMcAfee: 1 times
workwithillness mentions:
  @jtodonnell: 1 times
anthonyb1 mentions:
  @joemarsh: 1 times
  @neilminetto: 1 times
  @RenewableGuy: 1 times
  @JeffSargent: 1 times
laurbuzz mentions:
  @Cizauskas: 1 times
  @stljmac: 1 times
  @laurbuzz: 1 times
christyseason mentions:
  @ScottHepburn: 1 times
  @jowyang: 1 times
  @ikepigott: 1 times
  @tobyward: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @columbiasc: 1 times
  @Melcrum: 1 times
zwriter mentions:
  @welfach: 1 times
  @DemonFactory: 1 times
  @4wide: 1 times
  @cpbelser: 1 times
  @mosesrace: 1 times
  @racingdigest: 1 times
skteam mentions:
  @DrDCAdams: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @jakeyboo: 1 times
  @spiritedwoman: 1 times
  @sunshinediva: 1 times
  @studentofsucces: 1 times
  @GHOLSONG: 1 times
  @JoLynnHawthorne: 1 times
lamamanaturale mentions:
  @bigreenpurse: 1 times
  @thedailygreen: 1 times
  @ecochic: 1 times
  @lamamanaturale: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
allureonfire mentions:
  @meeks71: 1 times
romang66 mentions:
  @fraunhofer: 1 times
  @romang66: 1 times
  @haraldfelgner: 1 times
gail_nelson mentions:
  @cmhuerta: 1 times
  @valerieSimon: 1 times
djveeder mentions:
  @GetOutOfDebtGuy: 1 times
isobael mentions:
  @YasmineGalenorn: 1 times
  @johannaharness: 1 times
  @LdyDisney: 1 times
  @sinoo7: 1 times
  @jacquierogers: 1 times
  @KellyHGay: 1 times
  @QueryShark: 1 times
fabfrugtrina mentions:
  @PerpetualKid: 1 times
muereelkin mentions:
  @lgdi: 1 times
  @peneadictoXVI: 1 times
craigfarrall mentions:
  @MarcPerel: 1 times
  @obox: 1 times
mamastephf mentions:
  @aheartforgod: 1 times
  @countrycuban: 1 times
  @edvansell: 1 times
  @berryman: 1 times
  @accesssonora: 1 times
  @dladybug5156: 1 times
rbk24 mentions:
  @gaBeweb: 1 times
majastevanovich mentions:
  @rtrviews: 1 times
avatarpoint mentions:
  @HJSWriterga: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @Pentenscribes: 1 times
  @givemebargains: 1 times
  @MicheleBlueston: 1 times
  @burnsallen: 1 times
  @KJAllDay83: 1 times
  @TheCandleRanch: 1 times
sujatha21 mentions:
  @priyatwitr: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @heathersmusic: 1 times
  @shaaqT: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @sgaok: 1 times
oestagio mentions:
  @LGTopMount: 1 times
  @LGCopeira: 1 times
  @LGMotoboy: 1 times
  @blogslegais: 1 times
  @sarahsioli: 1 times
  @ematoma: 1 times
thegolddisc mentions:
professorbeej mentions:
  @FalconX2: 1 times
  @jedijon: 1 times
  @GeekTyrant: 1 times
  @mcchris: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @Yodasnews: 1 times
  @SethMacFarlane: 1 times
floris mentions:
  @MadMikeyB: 1 times
  @WayneLuke: 1 times
  @Floris: 1 times
  @stompinggrounds: 1 times
  @EpicCerberus: 1 times
  @MarinerNick: 1 times
  @vBSetup: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
krystalnichole mentions:
  @StarChyld2525: 1 times
  @KrystalNichole: 1 times
  @BlueyedMuse: 1 times
aewang mentions:
  @danmcall: 1 times
essence_thapoet mentions:
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @penneymarie: 1 times
  @jacquedixon: 1 times
  @Principled: 1 times
  @aponderingheart: 1 times
  @mom2giqm: 1 times
  @sawickis: 1 times
  @TraciKnoppe: 1 times
georgetallmage mentions:
  @DMosley: 1 times
  @jmosley: 1 times
naa_community mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
edlegend mentions:
  @sohood: 1 times
  @PrimeObjective: 1 times
  @shabooty: 1 times
  @itsriggs513: 1 times
  @GermW: 1 times
  @fuzeb: 1 times
  @DocKingSwagg: 1 times
  @EdLegend: 1 times
  @AlanFuckinJones: 1 times
  @scbound: 1 times
tracilove mentions:
  @CompassWoman: 1 times
bluenostalgia mentions:
  @VConfections: 1 times
bobbyringstrom mentions:
  @beachnriver: 2 times
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @lissarankin: 1 times
  @beachmomof2: 1 times
  @bonniestwit: 1 times
ninhobomba mentions:
  @Nevidge20: 1 times
bennysalas mentions:
  @EnocMarrero7: 1 times
  @sharonsalas: 1 times
  @bennysalas: 1 times
virtualgirluk mentions:
  @enation: 1 times
  @HeatherBestel: 1 times
  @AlanRYoung: 1 times
  @Paula6thlevel: 1 times
  @DavidRWike: 1 times
  @virtualgirluk: 1 times
himselfprod mentions:
  @mar1e: 1 times
  @HenriDes: 1 times
ezequielprieto mentions:
  @juliarga: 1 times
  @YamiOlguin: 1 times
flexlewis1 mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @mikko247: 1 times
  @FragDolls: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @MediaBistro: 1 times
  @beiruta: 1 times
  @duncanhunter: 1 times
  @vyzion360: 1 times
  @: 1 times
startupdonut mentions:
  @MarketingDonut: 1 times
craigbirchler mentions:
michelemehl mentions:
  @cdn: 1 times
  @4KM: 1 times
  @hjarche: 1 times
  @janosizoltan: 1 times
  @Lieneuh: 1 times
  @MediaCoach: 1 times
  @rhappe: 2 times
  @rondon: 1 times
platinumbong mentions:
  @AshyLBowzRT: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @JoshMarino420: 1 times
  @CHeBAHUTABQ: 1 times
  @Michellemmm: 1 times
  @amandabeez: 1 times
  @roseangst: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
jackamarriott mentions:
  @SandyGuerriere: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
  @HealthyMinute: 1 times
  @uberdragon: 1 times
  @drbenlo: 1 times
  @LaurieHenry: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
jazzstixx mentions:
  @TimmySabre: 1 times
  @Rahashacon: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @WilliePA: 1 times
  @kauilani: 1 times
  @ARISE: 1 times
  @spikeyleo: 1 times
  @DJ48: 1 times
  @Mrlandmark: 1 times
  @jazzstixx: 1 times
  @AbbyMathew: 1 times
  @studentof: 1 times
biancahennings mentions:
  @phonefusion: 1 times
  @michaelmanna: 1 times
  @davidciccone: 1 times
  @nutzareus: 1 times
  @andruedwards: 1 times
  @MTMSteveTrotto: 1 times
bragil mentions:
  @ragtter: 1 times
eclairemom mentions:
  @fentonslee: 1 times
  @upstatemomof3: 1 times
juel mentions:
  @kykerr9177: 1 times
jaythornton000 mentions:
  @mpaladino: 1 times
  @TotallyToni: 1 times
  @delaneygates: 1 times
  @RFInteractive: 1 times
  @kennytomlin: 1 times
  @thompsonoc: 1 times
kimorella mentions:
richelectron mentions:
  @popmech: 1 times
  @PopMech: 1 times
michelewoodward mentions:
  @KayBallard: 1 times
jacqui_cooper mentions:
  @redfront: 1 times
leleks mentions:
  @sabadoqualquer: 1 times
mrsmandak mentions:
  @HummieIsMe: 1 times
  @Lattedah: 1 times
danfoleyusa mentions:
  @lorenbaker: 1 times
  @CraigTeich: 1 times
  @danfoleyusa: 1 times
  @eddings: 1 times
  @leeodden: 1 times
  @daver: 1 times
  @mjleonard: 1 times
  @amabaie: 1 times
  @n3bu1a: 1 times
  @VinnyLaBarbera: 1 times
cheryli71 mentions:
  @RachieRach3: 1 times
  @chenneyc: 1 times
  @DAKGirl: 1 times
  @dennis93q: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @eddog43: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @iamjacko: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
annakong mentions:
asimoes76 mentions:
  @ADSKNEurope: 1 times
  @AUOnline: 1 times
gary_hitchman mentions:
  @PerezHilton: 1 times
beammepro mentions:
  @NextMoon: 1 times
recruitingfreak mentions:
  @StevenGilbert: 1 times
charleswilliams mentions:
  @magnt: 1 times
  @josiahplatt: 1 times
  @daveonkels: 1 times
  @cabeeb: 1 times
  @aaronharp: 1 times
  @bretttilford: 1 times
  @charleswilliams: 1 times
feedingamerica mentions:
  @sharestrength: 1 times
  @FoodlinkTom: 1 times
  @FtMyersSoupKtch: 1 times
  @cflhomeless: 1 times
  @FoodBank4NYC: 1 times
  @TysonFoods: 1 times
janine999 mentions:
  @GottaLaff: 1 times
enochchoi mentions:
  @lostonroute66: 1 times
visionspeaks mentions:
  @inspiringintent: 1 times
emmeffemm mentions:
  @WordMarvin: 1 times
  @LadyImpactOhio: 1 times
  @gilcarvr: 1 times
  @RoeSaved: 1 times
  @cat1012000: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @sandistenton: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @4homefind: 1 times
ernieestrella mentions:
  @UKcomicGuy: 1 times
  @NathanBethell: 1 times
  @wolp: 1 times
  @JonnyHanukkah: 1 times
laurakeon mentions:
  @ade1965: 1 times
  @jasonpollock: 1 times
  @kjartanalvestad: 1 times
  @tearn: 1 times
  @IMjacksparrow: 1 times
brewtownandy mentions:
  @srtadaniel: 1 times
swansonblogben mentions:
  @EvitaOchel: 1 times
  @docjerry: 1 times
  @swansonblogben: 1 times
  @hanlie: 1 times
  @HeatherOT: 1 times
  @ihealthtube: 1 times
bjorkantikt mentions:
  @janellestyle: 1 times
andretheriault mentions:
  @CraftyCanadian: 1 times
joeruiz mentions:
  @marimaserati: 1 times
  @jfern1: 1 times
  @goforgod2: 1 times
  @kdbstat: 1 times
  @Berrrnice: 1 times
  @TLJ11: 1 times
jpakraft mentions:
  @waltmossberg: 1 times
  @jackwelch: 1 times
  @joecmiller: 1 times
  @CEOINGDIRECT: 1 times
  @usopengolf: 1 times
b_age mentions:
  @eigenart: 1 times
  @HappySchnitzel: 1 times
rhaupt mentions:
  @frefrXnXfrefr: 1 times
  @ashalmighty: 1 times
  @codbrewer: 1 times
  @rtm9109: 1 times
  @lilmisskel: 1 times
  @itsjustcc: 1 times
  @lilwoman77: 1 times
uberdorkgirlie mentions:
  @SarahHorvat: 1 times
  @SRowl: 1 times
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
owsler mentions:
  @vincepettit: 1 times
  @techtoday: 1 times
  @JoCole: 1 times
  @BlackEagleMedia: 1 times
  @wo0: 1 times
sparklyb mentions:
  @samdj1210: 1 times
  @josephjedwards: 1 times
  @mrpower: 1 times
  @mfhorne: 1 times
  @bloggerheads: 1 times
  @Crupuscular: 1 times
  @nickjfrost: 1 times
  @davidschneider: 1 times
lindseyjaffe mentions:
  @mschenkler: 1 times
  @NicoleBBrewer: 1 times
  @jaxie: 1 times
  @AskClaudia: 1 times
  @henpow2nd: 1 times
  @AdinaGenn: 1 times
  @LENNDEVOURS: 1 times
  @aboutlongisland: 1 times
ncub8 mentions:
  @brianharnois: 1 times
  @therichbrooks: 1 times
  @ColonelCrockett: 1 times
  @VHTrabosh: 1 times
iambutton mentions:
  @harrydecat: 1 times
  @grimyduck: 1 times
  @grrrkitty: 1 times
  @orangekitties: 1 times
  @wildboutbirds: 1 times
  @sadiepetunia: 1 times
  @chesterpdexter: 1 times
  @bfiori: 1 times
sandymusicfreak mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @manonearth: 2 times
  @reg666: 1 times
  @dive: 2 times
  @20thgirl: 1 times
ybcmark mentions:
  @MediaCoach: 1 times
dextergrass mentions:
  @Victoria: 1 times
makkmommy mentions:
  @PeterPolaco: 1 times
  @adrianamorris: 1 times
  @anthonyshaw1: 1 times
  @golougo: 1 times
  @goodnighthorse: 1 times
  @Lpwizard08: 1 times
sourcebookscasa mentions:
  @janeaustenworld: 1 times
glimmrmoon mentions:
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
hvbabywilltrvl mentions:
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
  @YummyMummyClub: 1 times
  @hvbabywilltrvl: 1 times
  @MississaugaKids: 1 times
  @sharonDV: 1 times
  @marcyberg: 1 times
  @EarnestGirl: 1 times
mccurrym mentions:
  @TRDonnelly: 1 times
  @VelChain: 1 times
  @planningforever: 1 times
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
  @MichaelHyatt: 1 times
  @KenaSiu: 1 times
  @MsStallings: 1 times
  @JessicaLevin: 1 times
beccaanelson mentions:
  @dssquires: 1 times
  @klafree: 2 times
firstrun mentions:
  @moviesunlimited: 1 times
  @DanceCameraWest: 1 times
  @crudethemovie: 1 times
  @sxsw: 1 times
respres mentions:
  @Roost: 1 times
  @hthrflynn: 1 times
  @kimwood: 1 times
  @gingerw: 1 times
  @sarahwv: 1 times
  @dalechumbley: 1 times
  @ines: 1 times
  @housechick: 1 times
  @mizzle: 1 times
  @billlublin: 1 times
  @andykaufman: 1 times
  @bradcoy: 1 times
bemelicious mentions:
  @KiddNation: 1 times
  @causeimrossome: 1 times
  @chynadoll71: 1 times
  @CaliMike120: 1 times
  @SKG78: 1 times
  @MeganMykal: 1 times
  @BeMelicious: 1 times
  @dlpena11: 1 times
  @suewin: 1 times
  @deviantlysweets: 1 times
mlewis106 mentions:
  @markprovan: 1 times
  @sophiaperennis: 1 times
dcsoulplusmind mentions:
  @CATTYFANCLUB: 1 times
  @MayDaytheMonsta: 1 times
  @tufluvmusic: 1 times
  @djptrix: 1 times
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @camplo: 1 times
  @stupidgenius100: 1 times
kathydodd mentions:
toddstowell mentions:
  @mymetrostories: 1 times
dandelionvintag mentions:
  @angatdorotheas: 1 times
  @RococoVintage: 1 times
  @BlkRavenVintage: 1 times
  @pinupdresses: 1 times
  @senoritavintage: 1 times
  @tbvintage: 1 times
  @funkomavintage: 1 times
  @impossiblecat: 1 times
yumyo mentions:
  @yumyo: 5 times
carmenpadron mentions:
  @modulor: 1 times
unsigne mentions:
  @cafehandmade: 1 times
  @ihearthandmade: 1 times
  @Artdoodads: 1 times
  @etsy: 1 times
  @JunkpunkArt: 1 times
esmeacullen mentions:
  @FutureisClear: 1 times
  @jaspercullen: 1 times
  @esmeacullen: 1 times
  @CCullenMD: 1 times
  @LochNessCullen: 1 times
prtykty_931981 mentions:
  @iABeezy: 1 times
edvansell mentions:
  @aheartforgod: 1 times
jamesmcginn mentions:
  @joeschmitt: 1 times
alexmaxbir mentions:
  @Motiv8Yourself: 1 times
mkdons66 mentions:
  @faulko1: 1 times
  @ChrisJonBarrett: 1 times
kpfefferle mentions:
  @yuskewich: 1 times
luliferrer mentions:
  @Parmie: 1 times
  @ColleenKasel: 1 times
  @luliferrer: 1 times
  @amakin: 1 times
  @emilyshearing: 1 times
  @FemmeRationale: 1 times
shine26 mentions:
  @christinacooks: 1 times
usatodaycollege mentions:
  @davinagould: 1 times
  @northcentralcol: 1 times
  @JJCpr: 1 times
  @usatodaygames: 1 times
  @brianmansfield: 1 times
  @jeffersongraham: 1 times
tudiabetes mentions:
  @HopeWarshaw: 1 times
  @diabeticinvstr: 1 times
  @NCDPnews: 1 times
  @LatinoNutrition: 1 times
  @ZinRider: 1 times
  @projektyle: 1 times
  @chaissonjr: 1 times
  @sgdiabetes: 1 times
sookiebontemps mentions:
  @TrayDawson: 1 times
  @SookiesStuds: 1 times
  @ShifterSexpots: 1 times
  @JasonsJewels: 1 times
  @BillsBelles: 1 times
  @VikingsVixens: 1 times
foodallergybuzz mentions:
  @nowheymama: 1 times
  @rationaljenn: 1 times
  @stellargy: 1 times
sbenny35 mentions:
  @TCTHURHAPPYHOUR: 1 times
ellany mentions:
  @yomarsh: 1 times
  @brandonalan: 1 times
  @ptfoxx: 1 times
  @pixierosedesign: 1 times
  @BestProductMall: 1 times
  @MirandaMartinez: 1 times
  @JulieannMyers: 1 times
realamerica mentions:
  @janders223: 1 times
iwsayers mentions:
  @senselip: 1 times
  @eocreative: 1 times
  @nealmccullough: 1 times
  @leelowe: 1 times
  @cimota: 1 times
  @johndryan: 1 times
  @blickevents: 1 times
  @EOCREATIVE: 1 times
rattlergrl mentions:
  @rita202109: 1 times
  @tweetiesky: 1 times
  @crisangwich: 1 times
  @jacosta13: 1 times
  @Amanda2409: 1 times
smartbareter mentions:
  @themoment: 1 times
  @stevegerrard: 1 times
  @chiconvergence: 1 times
  @SocialNetDaily: 1 times
megacombo mentions:
  @marinavrgs: 1 times
  @anacarolz: 1 times
  @soaresdias: 1 times
  @lasagna: 1 times
  @borboletando: 1 times
  @michellichu: 1 times
legallb mentions:
  @pageoneresults: 1 times
diy_musicians mentions:
  @rockfeedback: 1 times
  @musictank: 1 times
  @mattmusicslut: 1 times
  @travistereo: 1 times
  @hitchandplow: 1 times
  @17dots: 1 times
  @DavidHolmes: 1 times
  @somevelvetblog: 1 times
  @fivetunes: 1 times
frisbeelee mentions:
  @girlonetrack: 1 times
  @DanielFlorien: 1 times
kateeidam mentions:
  @carriekandes: 1 times
siowls mentions:
ryanstephens mentions:
  @mattChevy: 1 times
  @gracekboyle: 1 times
  @BenjaminWilcox: 1 times
  @Stuartcfoster: 1 times
  @AnitaLobo: 1 times
  @opheliaswebb: 1 times
  @sameve: 1 times
  @CarlosMic: 1 times
brendachesney mentions:
  @pinkfink: 1 times
davidmbigler mentions:
  @lcibos: 1 times
migrationology mentions:
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @hyperren: 1 times
  @jubert4: 1 times
  @NuMeBuDi: 1 times
  @markbroadhead: 1 times
luxaholics mentions:
  @fashionstreamz: 1 times
  @rosegarbarino: 1 times
  @caplady1225: 1 times
  @fashiongrail: 1 times
  @DCShoeDiva: 1 times
  @AdrianaCastro: 1 times
  @PurseBlog: 1 times
  @MariamGee: 1 times
blogseucarro mentions:
  @matheusloures: 1 times
  @eniob: 1 times
  @conversasbuteco: 1 times
  @luizricon: 1 times
  @mellancia: 1 times
  @tapiocaria: 1 times
  @mrmanson: 1 times
  @hugomello: 1 times
thelovingkind mentions:
  @writingvixen: 1 times
  @Bvictor: 1 times
  @MrKimbalicious: 1 times
  @AuthorMalone: 1 times
  @Lynne90: 1 times
  @RayGarton: 1 times
  @cheerysunshine: 1 times
  @teeandtee: 1 times
  @angelfrouk: 1 times
  @jujuqui: 1 times
lichtonaut mentions:
  @schaert: 1 times
  @wallmob: 1 times
  @DerEchte: 1 times
  @ocean90: 1 times
  @ununun: 1 times
  @michselbst: 1 times
  @achhaltdochdeinefresse: 1 times
  @buuuuuuuu: 1 times
  @miaaaaauuuu: 1 times
  @muuhOo: 1 times
eliasscultori mentions:
  @hydrovolution: 1 times
  @JohnDonovan: 1 times
  @andreamitchell: 1 times
  @GHChealth: 1 times
  @chrisguillebeau: 1 times
beri03 mentions:
  @WildMountain: 1 times
unlimitedmag mentions:
  @walrusmagazine: 1 times
antitelejornal mentions:
  @DitoEmCena: 1 times
star_shards mentions:
  @GratitudeQOD: 1 times
kenpounders mentions:
  @bradfancher: 1 times
lilliancat mentions:
  @stwood1953: 1 times
  @LilyWasHere: 1 times
  @perrythebirman: 1 times
  @MizzBassie: 1 times
  @fuzzypigz: 1 times
  @Fergusthedog: 1 times
  @Oafy: 1 times
  @MrBasilCat: 1 times
scottisback mentions:
  @Adjectiveless: 1 times
  @cassandra2603: 1 times
twitjobsuk mentions:
  @AmericanExpatUK: 1 times
  @conceptcv: 1 times
  @YVAweb: 1 times
  @Dollarish: 1 times
  @77Academy: 1 times
gregsims mentions:
  @AAgalsoff: 1 times
gorockford mentions:
  @FurstStaffing: 1 times
timnebergall mentions:
  @esoterismo: 1 times
gennyfer mentions:
  @bexmith: 1 times
  @aphalloides: 1 times
joannefunch mentions:
  @sheilaulrich@dianasebzda@brightmichelle@americanwp: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
prusantafe mentions:
  @BrianTercero: 1 times
  @santafetraveler: 1 times
  @clintriley: 1 times
  @prusantafe: 1 times
  @RalphContreras: 1 times
  @mchenwears: 1 times
  @joshuamaes: 1 times
britt_nicole mentions:
  @20on20: 1 times
  @secondhandjohn: 1 times
  @joshgroban: 1 times
  @iheartquotes: 1 times
  @yoitsadrian: 1 times
  @DHWES: 1 times
  @tarynann: 1 times
  @ohmattstallings: 1 times
  @somewheresofar: 1 times
  @jennalouu: 1 times
paulocoimbra mentions:
  @lilaise: 1 times
  @woetter: 1 times
  @afonso3d: 1 times
carlo_thchthr mentions:
  @kristzen: 1 times
berecasillas mentions:
  @Mernissi: 1 times
  @kekasanchez: 1 times
mothersingle mentions:
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @Momstowork: 1 times
gabivaras mentions:
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
  @mwhi: 1 times
nicolasyanez mentions:
  @Nelawish: 1 times
  @anchubou: 1 times
  @infozeus: 1 times
  @cristobalmarin: 1 times
  @Naigabi: 1 times
  @crazykuppa: 1 times
  @Ovejuno: 1 times
smkilgo mentions:
  @mlomb: 1 times
matthewprewett mentions:
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
jurossic mentions:
  @JesusChrist: 1 times
bastian1967 mentions:
  @djdrewg: 1 times
  @muzophile: 1 times
  @evancowden: 1 times
  @perrytwins: 1 times
  @partyradiousa: 1 times
  @philputnammusic: 1 times
classimami mentions:
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
commonhope mentions:
  @donare: 1 times
  @earthvolunteer: 1 times
  @propositivo: 1 times
  @hazelgraphics: 1 times
  @mjcalvimontes: 1 times
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @uandes: 1 times
cheerfulshe mentions:
  @marcthom: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
  @ThinkReferrals: 1 times
  @jeanettejoy: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
kevineikenberry mentions:
  @DebOwen: 1 times
  @thedaringwoman: 1 times
  @recovengineer: 1 times
  @JayMattingly: 1 times
big_ass_fans mentions:
  @ruppmatt: 1 times
michellew_ mentions:
  @classymommy: 1 times
  @preciouspers: 1 times
  @hennergy: 1 times
  @boxofchocolates: 1 times
  @dcrmom: 1 times
  @MainlineMom: 1 times
  @GenMom: 1 times
  @mommieswstyle: 1 times
green_i_girl mentions:
  @MoREthANHuMAn: 1 times
bazketmakr mentions:
  @adventurejobs: 1 times
  @LambeauLodge: 1 times
  @springcolors: 1 times
  @DainonHaggard: 1 times
  @MissJuliaF: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @blueridgehorse: 1 times
kathrynvercillo mentions:
  @Liberalviewer1: 1 times
  @dlloydthemlmpro: 1 times
memphisbleak mentions:
  @Rochambeau2: 1 times
  @ElleJanel: 1 times
1hot_momma71 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
satchfield mentions:
  @kylehubbs: 1 times
  @cretin05: 1 times
  @project3090: 1 times
  @beefwhiskey: 1 times
  @joshbkelley: 1 times
canconat mentions:
  @ATISocialMktg: 1 times
  @jodimaas: 1 times
teatunes mentions:
  @lainiep: 1 times
  @lahlootea: 1 times
  @jingtea: 1 times
  @teapigs: 1 times
  @brewhahateashop: 1 times
  @justplayed: 1 times
  @mikedunbar: 1 times
  @eteaket: 1 times
  @duckworthlewis: 1 times
nikkih mentions:
  @andreahrizk: 1 times
  @journalistics: 1 times
  @cloudspark: 1 times
  @noradepalma: 1 times
  @maeganclark: 1 times
  @KellyeCrane: 1 times
  @Lynzforcestir: 1 times
  @ks9380followfriday: 1 times
zeblue_prime mentions:
  @luthorx: 1 times
  @kibbe: 1 times
  @VGiacoppo: 1 times
  @TheRestOfYou: 1 times
gunz_4rm_swans mentions:
  @animalsteele: 1 times
  @WestPhillyFreck: 1 times
  @BadGirlStreets: 1 times
  @BrettBars: 1 times
  @ROSEYNEEKO: 1 times
  @djonpoint: 1 times
drgen mentions:
  @patitof: 1 times
kfiddes mentions:
  @hayleaelaine: 1 times
earthwriter mentions:
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
  @museii: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @unicefuk: 1 times
  @EcolnterEergy: 1 times
  @TheMREA: 1 times
  @Windbaron: 1 times
  @RealClimate: 1 times
openinggntdoors mentions:
  @andrewghayes: 1 times
judel mentions:
  @andreadesherb: 1 times
  @VictoriaDahl: 1 times
  @JenniferLeeland: 1 times
  @PearlROOB: 1 times
  @MarissaROOB: 1 times
  @bridgemama: 1 times
  @judel: 1 times
  @JillMansell: 1 times
migueldeluis mentions:
  @tristalosegui: 1 times
animalhouse4384 mentions:
  @nsane8: 1 times
  @azlen: 1 times
  @icametumbling: 1 times
  @jlkoctober: 1 times
  @willameda: 1 times
  @davidkirlew: 1 times
  @animalhouse4384: 1 times
  @dananner: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
shoestringing mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @AngelaCurrent: 1 times
  @cch72883: 1 times
  @lizisaacslwc: 1 times
  @RobinDallasTX: 1 times
  @RobinMuto: 1 times
  @ritababy: 1 times
  @Linderelli: 1 times
frolueb mentions:
  @assiandi: 1 times
everydayblues mentions:
  @WolneyAlves: 1 times
stefanboublil mentions:
  @DivadQNead: 1 times
  @randalltodd: 1 times
  @garynadeau: 1 times
  @gigrio: 1 times
cgporlando mentions:
  @opss: 1 times
jeannabozell mentions:
  @pwilsonjr: 1 times
  @javapastor: 1 times
petedill mentions:
  @squarespace: 2 times
tortacular mentions:
  @MarleeMatin: 1 times
  @trixie360: 1 times
  @NathanFillion: 1 times
  @bsangel: 1 times
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
childsplayx2 mentions:
  @samanthajcampen: 1 times
  @DadGoneMad: 1 times
  @LOD: 1 times
  @PapaBradstein: 1 times
  @lookydaddy: 1 times
  @cyrusbryan: 1 times
  @backpackingdad: 1 times
  @superdan73: 1 times
tweetcassy mentions:
  @sykodiesel: 1 times
queenofcookiez mentions:
  @kmdevito: 1 times
  @BethanPie: 1 times
  @TheBadHousewife: 1 times
  @KatLa: 1 times
  @hamsterkitten: 1 times
  @LadyMissyPie: 1 times
  @mabeswife: 1 times
  @milfcookie: 1 times
gabrielsangels mentions:
  @DevotedHarpie: 1 times
  @YourDailyCute: 1 times
  @Romeothecat: 1 times
  @GabrielsAngels: 1 times
  @Gumu: 1 times
  @Nashville: 1 times
sambrooklyn mentions:
  @DudeBroChill: 1 times
onl2 mentions:
  @thekmgirl: 1 times
  @BarelyKnit: 1 times
  @JohannaBD: 1 times
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @Garden: 1 times
roepkepr mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @LondonNoodle: 1 times
  @mabohlig: 1 times
  @jonvick: 1 times
  @: 1 times
casualcottage mentions:
  @URAYGAS: 1 times
chimes mentions:
  @kelalea: 1 times
thedentalcoach mentions:
  @timeontaskva: 1 times
  @TheDentalCoach: 1 times
  @VAnetworking: 1 times
machinecpa mentions:
ourdailytweet mentions:
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @Charga: 1 times
  @HeresLife: 1 times
  @Cortnee4Christ: 1 times
  @HayesJulie: 1 times
  @mamacapps: 1 times
  @pastorjdubya: 1 times
  @bobliska: 1 times
  @jonctaylor: 1 times
  @a4g: 1 times
  @@TOSMag: 1 times
johnrubio mentions:
djpeachez mentions:
  @DJJAZZYJOYCE: 1 times
  @1stLadyEL: 1 times
  @djksly: 1 times
  @djdimepiece: 1 times
  @djbackside: 1 times
  @djmissbehavior: 1 times
  @djchela: 1 times
  @djpeachez: 1 times
tommysalami mentions:
  @wtfh4x: 1 times
  @QuelleLove: 1 times
  @usonian: 1 times
  @tweetzydeetzy: 1 times
  @tootnanny: 1 times
  @toadbriar: 1 times
  @stopthepota: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @StephenAtHome: 1 times
  @SgtOsiris: 1 times
jokecat mentions:
  @revistaepoca: 1 times
  @rodrigofgo: 1 times
  @leoniajato: 1 times
  @nandoreis: 1 times
  @dcagle: 1 times
  @vandeoliveira: 1 times
mrwhispers mentions:
  @greatsince78: 1 times
  @vanillanupe: 1 times
  @busabusss: 1 times
  @akinertmitsu: 1 times
  @dallasjud: 1 times
  @kevinheart4real: 1 times
  @reagangomez: 1 times
  @missinfo: 1 times
  @doodlebugftdor: 1 times
carnegiemellcfa mentions:
  @AttackTheatre: 1 times
  @Publictheater: 1 times
  @QuantumTheatre: 1 times
  @Pittsburghshows: 1 times
gloomybb mentions:
  @ScottRintoul: 1 times
  @ScottOake: 1 times
  @campants: 1 times
  @DarrenDreger: 1 times
  @ItsTopCat: 1 times
  @hosea24hours: 1 times
  @kelceybrade: 1 times
  @BotchonCanucks: 1 times
snowydaze mentions:
  @Tenra: 1 times
  @IvyBean104: 1 times
  @DunkintheCat: 1 times
  @chloebanks: 1 times
  @dogfrombeyond: 1 times
  @sullyburger: 1 times
  @purr2dream: 1 times
  @maddybasset: 1 times
  @fiddycat: 1 times
skrapbuker mentions:
  @twoboysmomma: 1 times
latinqttwitts4u mentions:
lynnekelly mentions:
  @cynthea: 1 times
stephen_chan_ mentions:
  @thunderchunkyuk: 1 times
  @JamFactory: 1 times
  @TaraMcPherson: 1 times
dspett mentions:
  @NiemanLab: 1 times
  @jayrosennyu: 1 times
cooper_designs mentions:
  @ArchitectLeague: 1 times
  @Arkitectum: 1 times
  @ArchitectsPro: 1 times
  @ArchiCentral: 1 times
  @PPSPlacemaking: 1 times
  @DesignHousePlans: 1 times
  @MonsterHP: 1 times
  @ScaleDown: 1 times
kokons mentions:
  @spreadingjoy: 1 times
  @psalm232: 1 times
  @frenz4life: 1 times
  @dondiscumaci: 1 times
  @kokons: 1 times
  @lorraine: 1 times
jeremyschwartz mentions:
  @nasw: 1 times
werewolfjacob mentions:
  @IrishMaggie: 1 times
officeproducts mentions:
  @sharpiesusan: 1 times
  @SharpieAplusK: 1 times
  @SharpieBoyRaul: 1 times
  @SharpieSally: 1 times
  @sharpiesheryl: 1 times
aledou mentions:
  @ddrapper: 1 times
  @canadacool: 1 times
  @danfrench: 1 times
  @edtechtoolkit: 1 times
  @cgasell: 1 times
  @shylemons: 1 times
pew_internet mentions:
  @lrainie: 1 times
  @SusannahFox: 1 times
  @JohnBHorrigan: 1 times
  @marymadden: 1 times
  @redlenns: 1 times
bbqaddictsjason mentions:
  @drumrigj: 1 times
  @isbbq: 1 times
  @cmcadams: 1 times
  @BBQAddicts: 1 times
  @noexcusesbbq: 1 times
  @PlowboysBBQ: 1 times
  @SmokeInDaEye: 1 times
  @BBQGrail: 1 times
  @fattybombatty: 1 times
bevjero mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @peoplemag: 1 times
  @gigglemed: 1 times
  @eonline: 1 times
samtagious mentions:
  @JackCPierce: 1 times
theanchoress mentions:
  @ihatethemedia: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @jimgaffigan: 1 times
  @americanpapist: 1 times
  @OneFineJay: 1 times
  @donsurber: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @LaraABCNews: 1 times
stay_classy mentions:
  @WesMantooth: 2 times
  @dani3boyz: 1 times
  @BlueJacketsBuzz: 1 times
  @passionshaker: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @scottywazz: 1 times
  @heylandsberg: 1 times
alexconde mentions:
  @zucket: 1 times
sweetice mentions:
  @464: 1 times
romance_book mentions:
  @travelbook: 2 times
  @cookingbook: 1 times
  @historybook: 1 times
  @lawbook: 1 times
  @medicalbook: 1 times
  @sciencebook: 1 times
  @artsbook: 1 times
alinefassina mentions:
  @giovanacfelicio: 1 times
  @joaocarrara: 1 times
  @pauloos: 1 times
  @simmycohen: 1 times
  @claudiaclaudia: 1 times
  @filipemachado: 1 times
  @Nathalia80: 1 times
  @ricardocappa: 1 times
wdwdreaming mentions:
  @disneydean: 1 times
  @NDM1: 1 times
  @DisneyFoodBlog: 1 times
  @FarfsGirl: 1 times
  @tikiroommorning: 1 times
leo_pusateri mentions:
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
khd mentions:
  @tv2viggo: 1 times
  @sherget: 1 times
coldsubject mentions:
  @bkelley: 1 times
dreaves802 mentions:
  @eweNme: 1 times
jasonsanio mentions:
  @justadsalt: 1 times
  @nathanjenkins: 1 times
  @erwinrivera: 1 times
  @heatherburns: 1 times
  @cundarigroup: 1 times
feelme mentions:
  @Locococomoco: 1 times
  @PinkM: 1 times
  @Maximilus: 1 times
  @babesriggz: 1 times
  @3cb: 1 times
  @wanjagi: 1 times
  @RafikiKenya: 1 times
  @swmaina: 1 times
  @feelme: 1 times
iamafarmer2 mentions:
  @ethanolbob: 1 times
  @kirkleeds: 1 times
  @foodprovider: 1 times
  @ARHR: 1 times
  @TheFarmgirl: 1 times
  @RayLinDairy: 1 times
  @leahbeyer: 1 times
allieastell mentions:
  @jameswilding: 1 times
flicksandfood mentions:
  @losnsa: 1 times
  @culinarycarra: 1 times
  @melapoo: 1 times
  @riosanantonio: 1 times
  @LauraCHerrera: 1 times
  @taxexchange: 1 times
alexdoman mentions:
  @kentpotter: 1 times
  @rorystern: 1 times
joannsondy mentions:
  @creativetwist: 1 times
bondzworld mentions:
  @BigHead404: 1 times
  @DjInfamous804: 1 times
  @iAhkee: 1 times
  @RedNikita: 1 times
  @Djrockon: 1 times
  @Bondzworld: 1 times
jazcaz mentions:
  @stylepantry: 1 times
  @chicalert: 1 times
  @nordstrom: 1 times
  @stylemom: 1 times
  @clutch22: 1 times
samsburgerjoint mentions:
  @honkytonkstar: 1 times
  @TheFairmount: 1 times
  @KNBTFM: 1 times
  @News4WOAI: 1 times
  @forkflysanan: 1 times
bartalos mentions:
  @designboom: 1 times
  @ellenLupton: 1 times
  @grainedit: 1 times
  @WORKtoDATE: 1 times
  @DesignObserver: 1 times
justin_foster mentions:
  @TrendMicro: 1 times
  @BigFix: 1 times
  @Qualys: 1 times
  @OSSEC: 1 times
  @CiscoSecurity: 1 times
  @vmware: 1 times
  @official1000v: 1 times
kidbri mentions:
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
troystith mentions:
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
erinmillsliving mentions:
  @oseansj: 1 times
radasa mentions:
  @MattBovell: 1 times
  @radasa: 1 times
  @pattybgud: 1 times
aleli mentions:
  @tuflus: 1 times
  @elteto: 1 times
niamhck mentions:
  @mrackley: 1 times
marysayshello mentions:
  @Briannaellis: 1 times
  @lexislove: 1 times
c_eroshevich mentions:
  @studentofsucces: 1 times
  @successsecret: 1 times
littlefurybug mentions:
  @dammit89: 1 times
hauntedplaces mentions:
  @cecilmframpton: 1 times
  @Alska: 1 times
  @kcghosthunters: 1 times
  @TammyTrussler: 1 times
  @cafeofdreams: 1 times
  @GhostChaser: 1 times
  @JDFarrell: 1 times
  @shelton45: 1 times
  @AnnaSITE: 1 times
itsniecee mentions:
david_tinney mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @CreateYourRate: 1 times
  @mjdew: 1 times
  @davidtinney: 1 times
djheather mentions:
  @ChicagoBites: 1 times
  @tweetchi: 1 times
  @ForgottenChi: 1 times
  @chicagofoodblog: 1 times
  @ChiTowndaily: 1 times
  @Chicagoist: 1 times
  @gapersblock: 1 times
ivylaartista mentions:
  @shaunking: 1 times
  @courageous: 1 times
shannoncherry mentions:
  @themojocoach: 1 times
  @MelissaMcCreery: 1 times
lesliemac59 mentions:
  @BeneKitchn: 1 times
debbieroes mentions:
  @MichelleGillies: 1 times
tobeycook mentions:
  @Robguillory: 1 times
  @kodychamberlain: 1 times
  @Templesmith: 1 times
  @mbreitweiser: 1 times
  @BTimony: 1 times
  @jimlee00: 1 times
guttabuttababy mentions:
  @oblizze1: 1 times
davidakaplan mentions:
  @RonMwangaguhung: 1 times
  @jeffmacintyre: 1 times
  @geekychic: 1 times
  @sdkstl: 1 times
  @csantiago: 1 times
  @josephtartakoff: 1 times
  @RobertAndrews: 1 times
  @psmith: 1 times
cartersvillebiz mentions:
  @teacherstrunk: 1 times
  @cindabaxter: 1 times
  @hellonorthga: 1 times
reneehendricks mentions:
  @SteffBayBee: 1 times
unicorngirl mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
bill_warner mentions:
  @bitslaw: 1 times
designrdealdiva mentions:
  @divazonefashion: 1 times
  @vivalalauren: 1 times
  @JuneAmbrose: 1 times
  @FrancyneWalker: 1 times
  @boutiquecafe: 1 times
amy_maureen mentions:
datboystayfly mentions:
34streetvintage mentions:
  @Blackittyblack: 1 times
rafaela_bravim mentions:
  @kilianolopes: 1 times
  @litah: 1 times
  @alissahubner: 1 times
  @luduvino: 1 times
  @brunolasco: 1 times
  @mahdinha: 1 times
  @vansiebert: 1 times
quintsee mentions:
  @rejecter: 2 times
semyjameson mentions:
  @daianerafaela: 1 times
  @AlessandroM: 1 times
  @heykemy: 1 times
  @cdiurno: 1 times
  @marciafranco: 1 times
  @lucastatarin: 1 times
philiptater mentions:
  @dmullen: 1 times
  @arikhanson: 1 times
  @dannybrown: 1 times
  @leobottary: 1 times
  @amymengel: 1 times
afasterpc mentions:
  @Aiye: 1 times
  @TCTaxTeaParty: 1 times
  @queenoftheclick: 1 times
  @BryanLongworth: 1 times
  @pcfromzero: 1 times
  @ArtArgenio: 1 times
  @MarcoRubio: 1 times
  @CraigKausen: 1 times
  @AFasterPC: 1 times
  @mokoh: 1 times
portiswasp mentions:
  @LovedayFools: 1 times
  @mickblake: 1 times
  @FRabbits: 1 times
  @whedonesque: 1 times
  @undertheradar: 1 times
  @songkick: 1 times
ulfee mentions:
  @jaythornton000: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @erikbowman: 1 times
  @mediaprince: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @ULFEE: 1 times
  @JayOatway: 1 times
  @GeorgeDearing: 1 times
  @darrenmonroe: 1 times
writersofkern mentions:
  @RachelleGardner: 1 times
cynthea mentions:
  @tammisauer: 1 times
  @kidlitKim: 1 times
  @quirkywriter: 1 times
  @marycunningham: 1 times
  @BJMuntain: 1 times
williamharryman mentions:
  @JusticeMarshall: 1 times
  @brettmckay: 1 times
  @JayGaddis: 1 times
  @marcwarnke: 1 times
  @UTKevDawg: 1 times
  @williamharryman: 1 times
mack_attack mentions:
  @USEUCOM: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @ArmySpouse: 1 times
  @PattyGale: 1 times
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @SoldierStories: 1 times
  @MilitaryChild: 1 times
  @AFPADude: 1 times
  @majastevanovich: 1 times
padt mentions:
crackercrumbie mentions:
  @golougo: 1 times
  @CocteauBoy: 1 times
  @Machias: 1 times
  @babygirlparis: 1 times
  @sibhdublins98: 1 times
  @ThisisDavina: 1 times
  @Dublins98Dave: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @AlyssaCee: 1 times
msdrpepper mentions:
  @Bobat971BobFM: 1 times
gigi4462 mentions:
  @TheStafford: 1 times
  @Rblwac: 1 times
  @cutefont: 1 times
lawmagazine mentions:
  @ParaGate: 1 times
tarheelprincess mentions:
  @EthanSuplee: 1 times
  @MATTHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @JEFFHARDYBRAND: 1 times
  @torianddean: 1 times
  @paulhewson: 1 times
  @CoastlineBand: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @michaelianblack: 1 times
joshtrefethen mentions:
  @clarkcrenshaw: 1 times
  @dakkid: 1 times
  @workingintheusa: 1 times
  @MattSuess: 1 times
  @jeremywoodhouse: 1 times
  @MargaretKinney: 1 times
  @joshtrefethen: 1 times
smbizguru mentions:
  @AffirmingSpirit: 1 times
pedroteich mentions:
  @IvanC: 1 times
  @MeOutrasMerdas: 1 times
  @NunoSarandes: 1 times
happybesacky mentions:
  @gfalcone601: 1 times
  @Giorgie26: 1 times
  @DebbieFletcher: 1 times
  @LittleFletcher: 1 times
  @samjmoody: 1 times
  @VickyJones1984: 1 times
  @Brantanamo: 1 times
purplefoodie mentions:
  @simplyrecipe: 1 times
  @michellefabio: 1 times
  @glamah: 1 times
  @nandita: 1 times
  @wildyeast: 1 times
  @haleysuzanne: 1 times
  @gourmeted: 1 times
  @ABin5: 1 times
  @AndreasRecipes: 1 times
doctorwhom79 mentions:
  @bitchville: 1 times
  @momonia: 1 times
mollycleansabq mentions:
  @misskristelle: 1 times
  @tg123: 1 times
  @peter770: 1 times
  @terrieq: 1 times
  @mschoder: 1 times
  @jrnygirl: 1 times
  @nmcandle: 1 times
  @abqcheap: 1 times
joew4god mentions:
  @johnnyandchachi: 5 times
changents mentions:
  @wyclef: 1 times
  @greeninsider: 1 times
  @swimwithswain: 1 times
  @projectdirtlads: 1 times
  @impactdesigners: 1 times
tina_williams mentions:
  @maritzaparra: 1 times
popartdiva mentions:
  @letsmakemoney: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @bleumoonsattic: 1 times
  @TheMartiniDiva: 1 times
giftedtypist mentions:
  @myogis: 1 times
dsptina mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
buggheart mentions:
  @mysears: 1 times
  @viewpointers: 1 times
  @jasyjen: 1 times
  @sanderssays: 1 times
  @suzeormanshow: 1 times
  @noisyzen: 1 times
  @olehippie: 1 times
hankbobbbq mentions:
  @NikkiTheFoodie: 1 times
badfaery mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
robeverton mentions:
  @studio3d: 1 times
walker_photo mentions:
  @loongirl: 1 times
  @PhotosbyJulieD: 1 times
  @jmurphpix: 1 times
  @phomago: 1 times
  @DaGodfaddah: 1 times
  @GeoffTucker1: 1 times
  @morlockphoto: 1 times
  @sdittmann: 1 times
s_vandergriff mentions:
  @Rosyblue: 1 times
  @DevotionL: 1 times
  @ltbeyer: 1 times
  @flasandollar: 1 times
  @kimmcmahon1: 1 times
  @Ctwiggs: 1 times
  @Metamarshall: 1 times
  @Bonnieupright: 1 times
  @LauraJMars: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @starpulp: 1 times
artwave mentions:
  @aroberts: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @radiate: 1 times
  @fulfillddestiny: 1 times
  @skashliwal: 1 times
  @stevepohlit: 1 times
  @rovideoblog: 1 times
  @brightkite: 1 times
  @Intentdotcom: 1 times
  @kevinpmiller: 1 times
lokassio mentions:
  @rreitchels: 1 times
  @MindFlow: 1 times
  @rodrigohidalgo@danilohebert: 1 times
  @RWinandy: 1 times
  @brunoizidoro: 1 times
  @maiarinha: 1 times
  @estelinharocha: 1 times
honestlyspeakin mentions:
  @NameYourTale: 1 times
  @50wordstories: 1 times
  @sixwordstories: 1 times
gooddogz mentions:
  @marieiris: 2 times
  @Gennyfer: 1 times
radiobabe mentions:
verbatimrva mentions:
  @VerbatimRVA: 1 times
angelaryana mentions:
komikero mentions:
  @SimonBowland: 1 times
  @pauljholden: 1 times
  @andydiggle: 1 times
  @johnbeattyart: 1 times
  @edtadeo: 1 times
  @TonyIsabella: 1 times
michaelfmuller mentions:
  @AIRasheville: 1 times
iluvjoelmadden mentions:
  @Ayshiebaby: 1 times
  @Clampinon: 1 times
  @TheRealStallone: 1 times
luimbe mentions:
  @princesscowboys: 1 times
pensacolamoon mentions:
  @shawnbrown: 1 times
  @pensacolakids: 1 times
greenbiztweets mentions:
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
maluuuuu mentions:
  @puella: 1 times
kbourgoine mentions:
  @pennybonda: 1 times
  @ericcoreyfreed: 1 times
briancarl mentions:
  @LoriOnTwittter: 1 times
marilynm mentions:
  @RadioBabe: 1 times
mmarkows mentions:
  @jonathanstark: 1 times
gwalli mentions:
  @twilightearth: 1 times
  @ecotechdaily: 1 times
  @treehugger: 1 times
palacinkabeauty mentions:
  @CYNDEWATSON: 1 times
  @ajcrimson: 1 times
  @tedgibson: 1 times
  @DamoneRoberts: 1 times
  @: 1 times
californiaxbaby mentions:
  @STAR991FM: 1 times
  @JohnnyStone: 1 times
brandmanagecamp mentions:
  @SujataChadha: 1 times
davidwakeman mentions:
  @Bsimi: 1 times
  @RSHotel: 1 times
beazydaprince mentions:
  @BFochs: 1 times
  @Vince1990: 1 times
  @DJTECHSUPPORT: 1 times
  @SermonsDomain: 1 times
  @ZiplocMoeDGB: 1 times
  @YoungDeuces: 1 times
  @BEazyDaPrince: 1 times
nyformitt mentions:
  @marcambinder: 1 times
  @FredBarnes: 1 times
  @fredthompson: 1 times
  @marklarsonradio: 1 times
  @kenrudin: 1 times
  @AmericanIssues: 1 times
mpfennighaus mentions:
  @elizrn: 1 times
jewess729 mentions:
  @usdalton: 1 times
  @chipmanrelo: 1 times
  @theneelys: 1 times
  @driverdewayne: 1 times
  @sivartfly: 1 times
hardsy mentions:
  @reemkanj: 1 times
  @egothieves: 1 times
tabitha_ mentions:
  @nesspatterson: 1 times
  @LaDonnaelza: 1 times
  @mzceejay09: 1 times
  @the12kingstar: 1 times
  @mbgqueen: 1 times
  @pilvlp: 1 times
  @sammmma: 1 times
  @itlnqtpie: 1 times
  @rosiecakes: 1 times
  @sayala05: 1 times
  @dollybish: 1 times
legalout mentions:
  @southernvoice: 1 times
  @gaywedding: 1 times
  @EchelonMag: 1 times
causeimrossome mentions:
  @KiddNation: 1 times
  @causeimrossome: 1 times
  @chynadoll71: 1 times
  @CaliMike120: 1 times
  @SKG78: 1 times
  @MeganMykal: 1 times
  @deviantlysweets: 1 times
shanhutch1 mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
gomezjim mentions:
  @amp451: 1 times
jenod85 mentions:
  @McCafeYourDay: 1 times
abiban mentions:
  @jonnyrockkills: 1 times
  @richpaul: 1 times
  @tyfach: 1 times
kundaliniyoga mentions:
  @beebow: 1 times
  @Shodanagal: 1 times
  @hathayoga: 1 times
  @CindyAshton: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @mgonyeo: 1 times
acacamps mentions:
  @techsoup: 1 times
  @balmeras: 1 times
  @epschleichert: 1 times
  @SearchErika: 1 times
  @NatureRocks: 1 times
  @sanborncamps: 1 times
casalinda mentions:
  @morrisonbrink: 1 times
  @sophiasgalaxy: 1 times
  @Travelersdefnse: 1 times
  @travelforfree: 1 times
  @MrPigglesworth: 1 times
  @ivillagehealth: 1 times
liznewlifee mentions:
  @LadyLuckDC: 1 times
  @RadioRah: 1 times
  @368MG: 1 times
  @PhilAde301@kennyburns: 1 times
  @iamrickyparker: 1 times
  @oboyali: 1 times
  @LizNewLifee: 1 times
  @soundsavvy: 1 times
  @mindstreamradio: 1 times
john_ritz mentions:
  @affiliatetips: 1 times
  @ElmerHurlstone: 1 times
  @TheSpotter: 1 times
  @iStelios: 1 times
  @AureliusTjin: 1 times
  @robsellen: 1 times
  @waynemansfield: 1 times
  @richschefren: 1 times
  @joelcomm: 1 times
parenting_book mentions:
  @travelbook: 2 times
  @cookingbook: 1 times
  @historybook: 1 times
  @lawbook: 1 times
  @medicalbook: 1 times
  @sciencebook: 1 times
  @artsbook: 1 times
willzwazhere mentions:
  @iamSeptember: 1 times
  @CheekTV: 1 times
  @MrJackO: 1 times
  @MrsSOsbourne: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
  @SamSparro: 1 times
  @AlexaChung: 1 times
punkjohnnycash mentions:
  @kidbri: 1 times
  @fieryfoods: 1 times
  @jedimasterops: 1 times
  @shellyroche: 1 times
  @stephengordon: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @bbgeeks: 1 times
  @libertariansfor: 1 times
  @MoverJason: 1 times
indyjoblady mentions:
  @aims999: 1 times
  @IndyJobLady: 1 times
kisersosay mentions:
  @DoeMarley: 5 times
elphabai mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
steveweber mentions:
  @askbillmitchell: 1 times
  @RkyMtnGuy: 1 times
  @thisgoodlife: 1 times
jarilehtinen mentions:
  @hellodara: 2 times
webvet_com mentions:
  @TheDogWalkerCA: 1 times
  @DogsForTheDeaf: 1 times
  @woofcpBig: 1 times
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
3timetomorrow mentions:
  @ckkohnle: 1 times
  @webbbrad: 1 times
  @1Cor1613: 1 times
  @AndyGroenink: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @Politicalrn: 1 times
  @Kmac4him: 1 times
  @kellitweets: 1 times
jistvan mentions:
  @LauraGuthrie: 1 times
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
  @NDKitchens: 1 times
  @RCopley: 1 times
  @brandonjcarr: 1 times
creditcardsrate mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
jawsee mentions:
  @parkermunson: 1 times
  @letmypridebe: 1 times
  @kevindevinetwit: 1 times
  @harrisonhudson: 1 times
  @theswellers: 1 times
  @loudasallgetout: 1 times
steverothaus mentions:
  @CJHatter: 1 times
  @jfkfan: 1 times
  @futuredirected: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @Topher2882: 1 times
  @sailorsmith: 1 times
  @AntonyEdwards: 1 times
  @alanpdx: 1 times
  @BRAME: 1 times
  @tcwaters: 1 times
best_on_mars21 mentions:
  @MALness247: 1 times
  @malness247: 1 times
passthe40 mentions:
  @noreaga: 1 times
trillhustlicist mentions:
  @ghall20: 1 times
  @justmelody: 1 times
  @bmichelle: 1 times
  @trillhustlicist: 1 times
  @joyyoung: 1 times
  @nextstory30: 1 times
  @agentgoose: 1 times
kcl2 mentions:
  @amous: 1 times
  @LunaJay: 1 times
  @aimeectillar: 1 times
  @KCL2: 1 times
  @ShelleyRunyon: 1 times
  @PowerSellingMom: 1 times
  @Twink21: 1 times
  @OYENews: 1 times
kimnbrooklyn mentions:
  @Contend: 1 times
  @cindiny152: 1 times
  @yamali: 1 times
  @shalyses: 1 times
  @delisac: 1 times
  @vbella23: 1 times
  @kimnbrooklyn: 1 times
  @ladychellez: 1 times
  @jury323: 1 times
  @exclusivesoraw: 1 times
ministryofbacon mentions:
  @allysonstallman: 1 times
  @PerpetualKid: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @Shesouldeep: 1 times
  @lemminglady: 1 times
  @Drevilll: 1 times
  @vivid13: 1 times
karenn_jonas mentions:
  @clevvertv: 1 times
  @paojonas: 1 times
yapartnerspatna mentions:
  @mistermadd: 1 times
  @nnete: 1 times
  @jmac979: 1 times
farleys mentions:
  @boulderbooks: 2 times
  @PowerofNo: 1 times
stewieb mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @StewieB: 1 times
beanies4baghdad mentions:
  @ArmyWife98: 1 times
  @USCavalry: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @guardwife: 1 times
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
1indienation mentions:
  @Bsimi: 1 times
  @RSHotel: 1 times
munchpilot mentions:
  @djskee: 1 times
  @IAmDjAmazin: 1 times
  @ELUSIONCLOTHING: 1 times
  @JRONIN: 1 times
  @ChampOnTheBeat: 1 times
  @Averystorm: 1 times
  @TheDramaKing: 1 times
  @CoryGunz: 1 times
tuflus mentions:
  @juliarga: 1 times
  @YamiOlguin: 1 times
lolitacarrico mentions:
  @applev: 1 times
  @momspective: 1 times
  @amysho: 1 times
  @heathermeeker: 1 times
  @elliebelliekids: 1 times
  @rbucich: 1 times
blogbrevity mentions:
  @bijouxfantaisie: 1 times
dynamicdiva42 mentions:
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @AffirmingSpirit: 1 times
  @DynamicDiva42: 1 times
  @mduchamp: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @mollyblock: 1 times
debindenver mentions:
  @pugofwar: 1 times
  @username: 1 times
tomraines mentions:
  @MichelleRealtor: 1 times
  @Paisano: 1 times
  @brandond: 1 times
  @Aronado: 1 times
  @shermradio: 1 times
  @Fishdogs: 1 times
  @AaronStrout: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @RossWeber: 1 times
  @manifestmmind: 1 times
foodbank4nyc mentions:
  @roccodispirito: 1 times
  @tylerflorence: 1 times
  @GDeLaurentiis: 1 times
  @LeeSchrager: 1 times
manoloide mentions:
  @youtubazo: 1 times
chazonline55 mentions:
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
  @chazonline55: 1 times
  @websitewriters: 1 times
  @PCBFloridaNetabout: 1 times
nathanalston mentions:
  @thehillers: 1 times
  @lanaberry: 1 times
  @GinaBell: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
retratec mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @eyeslipsface: 1 times
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
  @Twitter: 1 times
  @SimplyDecadent: 1 times
  @lipstickncandy: 1 times
  @Kalofagas: 1 times
  @princesshannah: 1 times
evilblackmx mentions:
  @muahaha: 1 times
  @sopitas: 1 times
alexanderchow mentions:
  @KevinFlowerCNN: 1 times
  @lilymazahery: 1 times
intuitiongirl mentions:
  @SianLindemann: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
beeyourselfdsgn mentions:
  @artfaerie: 1 times
  @shopdestiny: 1 times
girlpiper mentions:
  @TheTLady: 1 times
  @TusconFoodDude: 1 times
  @SDRadio: 1 times
  @ChrisCantore: 1 times
  @fm949SD: 1 times
  @sdbargainmama: 1 times
  @dhskee: 1 times
  @girlpiper: 1 times
  @annbasham: 1 times
pilotguy mentions:
  @mjburian: 1 times
  @FoxWhisperer: 1 times
kuhn mentions:
  @iamkatytur: 1 times
  @maegancarberry: 1 times
arithemack mentions:
  @ChristianLous: 1 times
  @Arithemack: 1 times
tonytoofast mentions:
  @minxkitty: 1 times
  @tonytoofast: 1 times
affiliategeek mentions:
  @steveschaffer: 1 times
alisa_ mentions:
  @kroqkom: 1 times
  @TrueBloodHBO: 1 times
jo484bu mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @Olalah: 1 times
  @jo484bu: 1 times
  @4thGear: 1 times
  @julito77: 1 times
  @ZaraGreen: 1 times
eric_cole mentions:
  @bpinauds: 1 times
tudoradam mentions:
  @seomelbourne: 1 times
  @Searchcowboys: 1 times
  @icrossinguk: 1 times
  @funkadelicad: 1 times
  @Crunchdmc: 1 times
  @tomcritchlow: 1 times
  @QualityScore: 1 times
j3r3myjf mentions:
  @wyclef: 1 times
  @codepo8: 1 times
  @schill: 1 times
  @ctoverdrive: 1 times
  @buzzfeed: 1 times
  @jonincalgary: 1 times
get900followers mentions:
  @anberlin: 1 times
  @tbsmusic: 1 times
ccef mentions:
  @ccef: 1 times
beverlou mentions:
  @PeterFacinelli: 4 times
  @FakeRPattz: 1 times
dr_uw mentions:
  @straightstreet: 2 times
  @DonnaMWells: 1 times
  @terryee: 1 times
  @druw: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
theparentectomy mentions:
  @ZeeVisram: 1 times
stewartb2b mentions:
  @jillelswick: 1 times
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @stewartb2b: 1 times
seanchoe mentions:
  @ososo: 1 times
  @boogab: 1 times
  @deuxdoom: 1 times
  @followjyp: 1 times
  @DaeHyunKim: 1 times
  @vlcupper: 1 times
  @xteethx: 1 times
  @mariyasan: 1 times
dyin2leavefla mentions:
  @Silkytooth: 2 times
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
  @DustinJMcClure: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @RedRobinRockn: 1 times
  @Dyin2leavefla: 1 times
sabrinakinckle mentions:
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @iowagirl69: 1 times
  @cahotek: 1 times
  @scglobal: 1 times
  @fredneumann: 1 times
davidneagle mentions:
  @nadeemd: 3 times
  @starlingpoet: 2 times
  @davidneagle: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
  @NaturalMaven: 1 times
  @DocNicole: 1 times
juhde mentions:
  @uwillbeheard: 1 times
badthing mentions:
  @lilruth: 1 times
johndpoole mentions:
  @sandyconnolly: 1 times
  @suzysak: 1 times
  @blogcritics: 1 times
  @lovehound: 1 times
  @caffeinatedliby: 1 times
  @fhgrl33: 1 times
  @lachatnoir: 1 times
  @bethaquotaholic: 1 times
speakeasy602 mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @wired: 1 times
  @sharebrain: 1 times
  @umutm: 1 times
  @styletime: 1 times
  @patternhead: 1 times
  @abdznews: 1 times
  @designworklife: 1 times
  @DesignBombs: 1 times
nadiakoligman mentions:
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @DrMollieMarti: 1 times
lexi2010 mentions:
  @jamiehosmer: 1 times
  @drewcommins: 1 times
  @worthlesstwit: 1 times
jonesonthenba mentions:
  @DarrenHeitner: 1 times
  @DeMarDeRozan: 1 times
  @BJennings3: 1 times
  @TheRealTWill: 1 times
  @PattyMills: 1 times
  @blakegriffin: 1 times
  @rickyrubio9: 1 times
mygreenside mentions:
  @starfocus: 1 times
jkebeans mentions:
  @virtuosoblogger: 1 times
acadnut mentions:
  @foxchicago: 2 times
  @nancyloo: 1 times
  @dpviggiano: 1 times
  @janjeffcoat: 1 times
nelia23 mentions:
  @islandchic@LadyTania: 1 times
  @Emzz89: 1 times
  @SCUBAPUSS: 1 times
  @MariannaB: 1 times
  @ryfaa: 1 times
  @lissy4159: 1 times
  @evregirl: 1 times
  @DrDinaSadik: 1 times
nview mentions:
  @LukeDiMarco: 1 times
  @nview: 1 times
debbieduncan mentions:
  @seaheidi: 1 times
  @cynthea: 1 times
witnesses mentions:
  @cgbrofmi: 1 times
  @dvdlpz: 1 times
  @costigaj: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @Onassignment: 1 times
clerisy_kara mentions:
  @bsandusky: 1 times
  @russmarshalek: 1 times
storiesbystacy mentions:
  @lynnmosher: 1 times
  @LittleGigiGirl: 1 times
  @Proverbs31org: 1 times
nextstory30 mentions:
  @bmichelle: 2 times
  @ghall20: 1 times
  @justmelody: 1 times
  @trillhustlicist: 1 times
  @joyyoung: 1 times
  @nextstory30: 1 times
  @agentgoose: 1 times
chadstanton mentions:
  @kanyesego: 1 times
  @god: 1 times
  @jesus: 1 times
greenleads mentions:
  @cmvidal: 1 times
  @whiteboardsell: 1 times
  @chiefmartec: 1 times
  @damphoux: 1 times
  @IndieBoundMeg: 1 times
  @abneedles: 1 times
bonkina mentions:
  @RedCounty: 1 times
whitneyyyyy mentions:
  @IranSolidarity: 1 times
muahaha mentions:
  @sopitas: 1 times
spurdave mentions:
  @Smiletrain: 1 times
emskc mentions:
  @SRasmussen: 1 times
  @pugofwar: 1 times
  @username: 1 times
melyssatweeting mentions:
tfurnari mentions:
  @BNRiverkeeper: 1 times
  @queencitygreen: 1 times
  @lowaterkeeper: 1 times
  @hydroheroes: 1 times
  @waterkeepermark: 1 times
  @healthylakes: 1 times
guybby mentions:
  @swichi293: 1 times
  @joemescher: 1 times
onlymoney mentions:
  @mattkrantz: 1 times
  @feedthepig: 1 times
  @kiplingermedia: 1 times
ericflo mentions:
  @coudron: 1 times
slychikadee mentions:
  @sabrinacoffin: 1 times
  @wendystarr: 1 times
  @becksideyarns: 1 times
  @liz920: 1 times
virdjil mentions:
  @Logunov: 1 times
  @avvin: 1 times
  @kondotier: 1 times
  @MisterDrew: 1 times
  @uksius: 1 times
  @dzhigit: 1 times
  @NeoKisa: 1 times
  @thermale: 1 times
  @Lenika: 1 times
  @teller: 1 times
  @Lassska: 1 times
  @VirDJil: 1 times
piggyrod mentions:
  @HOLLYWOOD0626: 1 times
jontheintern mentions:
  @thetigercub: 1 times
  @Chaun: 1 times
  @stackmack: 1 times
jdp23 mentions:
  @PhatGyrl: 1 times
  @WorldClassPoet: 1 times
  @GregPincus: 1 times
  @gNotAPipe: 1 times
  @MerbBlackwood: 1 times
  @TarieS: 1 times
  @susanwrites: 1 times
suziesarmoire mentions:
  @MBOI: 1 times
  @fabricsnquilts: 1 times
  @BlueBuddhaBtq: 1 times
  @HandmadeForum: 1 times
  @laglassonetsy: 1 times
adriandayton mentions:
  @JJReich: 1 times
  @gordonamy: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @linnetwoods: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
stevesimonson mentions:
  @HarrisonPainter: 1 times
  @mobilehomegurl: 1 times
  @WendyTimmons: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
renjie mentions:
  @alexlobov: 1 times
pbandjazz mentions:
  @churchpunkmom: 1 times
  @onlyman: 1 times
davos mentions:
  @Refugees: 1 times
blockonation mentions:
  @BlockONation: 1 times
idesignstudios mentions:
sweetz09287 mentions:
  @AroundDaWayGirl: 1 times
  @troublestar: 1 times
  @Carameltinny: 1 times
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
  @titi215: 1 times
  @Poekasso: 1 times
  @Sweetz09287: 1 times
tkdcoach000 mentions:
  @InterDojo: 1 times
  @universalsports: 1 times
  @insidethegames: 1 times
  @daratorresswims: 1 times
  @gymtechnik: 1 times
  @TheMuscleCouple: 1 times
unfunn mentions:
  @CateyeMinty: 1 times
  @unfunn: 1 times
macghil mentions:
  @reiver: 1 times
dotwonder mentions:
  @ahier: 1 times
  @medxcentral: 1 times
pizano3 mentions:
  @4homefind: 1 times
  @sophiahogan: 1 times
  @sjreich: 1 times
  @sizbitz: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @BlondeBlogger: 1 times
  @DustinJMcClure: 1 times
  @vinatero: 1 times
  @Dude3064: 1 times
charlieriley mentions:
  @buffalony: 1 times
  @queencitygreen: 1 times
  @lowaterkeeper: 1 times
  @ottriverkeeper: 1 times
  @hydroheroes: 1 times
likeateddybear mentions:
sandraeyoung mentions:
  @SEOAlicia: 1 times
  @FlowersbyCynde: 1 times
  @searchcircus: 1 times
  @CleveReviews: 1 times
  @sandraeyoung: 1 times
gacconsultants mentions:
  @orangegorilla: 1 times
  @kenpeters: 1 times
  @jeffereySummers: 1 times
  @kudcia: 1 times
  @trowbridgeart: 1 times
  @sunpeaksresort: 1 times
  @thebrandbuilder: 1 times
  @foodphilosophy: 1 times
luisdoamaral mentions:
  @wahujen: 2 times
  @ExodusTees: 2 times
  @WakoozRSSfeeds: 1 times
  @GoddessCoko: 1 times
  @aspiderman: 1 times
  @DaveN71: 1 times
  @LuisdoAmaral: 1 times
lady_bluetooth mentions:
kitsieduncan mentions:
  @kirk13: 1 times
  @FilmThreat: 1 times
  @PetalumaFilms: 1 times
  @ThatChrisGore: 1 times
  @DarkRiderFilms: 1 times
  @mindysteele: 1 times
  @AjMeadows: 1 times
  @moviegeeks: 1 times
  @Cinetrav: 1 times
  @rejects: 1 times
prophet1958 mentions:
  @myspacefriend: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @tasepo: 1 times
  @rocknrod: 1 times
stevenwabx mentions:
  @m47713: 1 times
beyonddahammock mentions:
  @molfamily: 1 times
stevesmacfix mentions:
  @tomeglenn: 1 times
  @primetime3d: 1 times
  @iGirl: 1 times
  @incRIDE: 1 times
  @LauzyMusic: 1 times
  @MacfusionGirl: 1 times
  @Oliv3rInterior: 1 times
  @tjrmoney: 1 times
  @appleforever95: 1 times
jaredroy mentions:
  @DrivingMN: 1 times
  @jaredroy: 1 times
  @threevolts: 1 times
  @curtprins: 1 times
  @lulugrimm: 1 times
  @rickmahn: 1 times
  @tycody: 1 times
moomettes mentions:
  @TotallyToni: 1 times
carlajean126 mentions:
  @shandrab: 1 times
  @zoeyjordan: 1 times
  @kyrobbins: 1 times
  @carlajean126: 1 times
  @natashakk: 1 times
visionaryspirit mentions:
  @KathyLoh: 1 times
  @artyowza: 1 times
  @tedmurphy: 1 times
  @duhism: 1 times
  @squirreltv: 1 times
therightblue mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @polynesia: 1 times
  @waimeavalley: 1 times
  @TCMHonolulu: 1 times
  @HonoluluZoo: 1 times
  @kaleoikaattic: 1 times
  @USSMissouri: 1 times
_miko mentions:
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMTG: 1 times
  @miko: 1 times
  @ednarheiner: 1 times
  @thehill: 1 times
  @KatieBichon: 1 times
  @hebrewzzi: 1 times
brendanklein mentions:
  @rhinocollective: 1 times
  @1ovakynd: 1 times
  @loserkidsdotcom: 1 times
  @univshop: 1 times
  @velocult: 1 times
marysfreebies mentions:
  @MomsWhoSave: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @Mommysavers: 1 times
  @marysfreebies: 1 times
  @justnic79: 1 times
  @galtime: 1 times
  @SisterSoup: 1 times
brynn303 mentions:
  @datingdad: 1 times
  @pugofwar: 1 times
  @MistyMontano: 1 times
kittykatana mentions:
  @KRAERONE: 1 times
  @KittyKatana: 1 times
tbatliner mentions:
  @CaroleJesse: 1 times
  @sastips: 1 times
oeyz mentions:
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @oeyz: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
brooklynblondie mentions:
  @angelayee: 1 times
  @ccjones: 1 times
  @YoungPR826: 1 times
  @brooklynblondie: 1 times
  @twotonedc: 1 times
  @HoneybrownSugar: 1 times
  @behindthebrand: 1 times
  @danamofollowfriday: 1 times
philmutrie mentions:
  @wordpresswizard: 1 times
  @ginabell: 1 times
  @nancyhults: 1 times
  @cmutrie: 1 times
  @dhollings: 1 times
  @jituppal: 1 times
  @tellman: 1 times
bricksdf mentions:
  @latricenichelle: 2 times
  @mizzvishizz: 1 times
  @SwishaG: 1 times
  @biggame2175: 1 times
  @BlacqDogg: 1 times
  @rioreal: 1 times
  @CheddaBoy: 1 times
  @BricksDF: 1 times
ricardowilliams mentions:
  @thatoneguycraig: 1 times
ramboswife mentions:
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @VAnetworking: 1 times
  @PaulaBrett: 1 times
  @PatBarone: 1 times
  @ebrenner: 1 times
  @HeidiMiller: 1 times
  @Ramboswife: 1 times
  @BigBookofYou: 1 times
mirandabmofs mentions:
  @GPellegrini: 1 times
  @scottBMOFS: 1 times
  @PHJFieldStaff: 1 times
  @CampWildGirls: 1 times
emilypayne mentions:
  @djalby: 1 times
hinessight mentions:
  @PragueBob: 1 times
rboa_pr mentions:
  @KatrinaG: 1 times
  @DianeScimone: 1 times
rickopp mentions:
  @KatrinaG: 1 times
  @DianeScimone: 1 times
frkygeek mentions:
  @mojoyoga: 1 times
  @chrisecoprint: 1 times
  @frkygeek: 2 times
  @andywa: 1 times
  @TicketPrinting: 1 times
  @tesselations: 1 times
  @HeadCountOrg: 1 times
  @dinasoker: 1 times
  @athas: 1 times
jessicanorthey mentions:
  @joycebedfordnh: 1 times
  @betrchrds: 1 times
  @mcmustic: 1 times
  @superchikx: 1 times
mikelking mentions:
  @money4tweets: 1 times
  @Jhyaap: 2 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @mikelking: 1 times
  @sakthidharan: 1 times
  @linnetwoods: 1 times
  @OysteinLund: 1 times
  @twiet: 1 times
  @paramendra: 1 times
juliegraphics mentions:
  @ssr11: 1 times
  @TucsonCowgirl: 1 times
  @Ad2Tucson: 1 times
mrssalinas mentions:
melaniatl mentions:
  @allyfar: 1 times
  @oscartorrado: 1 times
  @3MM3: 1 times
  @AnnieF: 1 times
  @LalaQ: 1 times
  @Turint: 1 times
  @alejandroangel: 1 times
  @solidfoxdx: 1 times
  @tohuko: 1 times
roxannehawn mentions:
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
  @fearfuldogs: 1 times
  @Gooddogz: 1 times
  @barrie: 1 times
  @boulderdog1: 1 times
  @pitbullfan76: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @PeakedMtFarm: 1 times
  @rplan: 1 times
luckypenny mentions:
  @nwalls: 1 times
preachgold mentions:
  @andreakcastillo: 1 times
  @aosbones: 1 times
  @thetouchisreal: 1 times
  @JasonGardner: 1 times
  @ericfigueroajr: 1 times
steveborek mentions:
  @kelvinringold: 1 times
  @MitchM: 1 times
  @JoshShear: 1 times
  @steveborek: 1 times
  @JillHW: 1 times
  @armor: 1 times
firefly2020 mentions:
  @tweetypie54: 1 times
yogamoma mentions:
  @openspaceyoga: 1 times
  @seanhitrec: 1 times
  @bifnaked: 1 times
  @jhitrec: 1 times
  @yyoga: 1 times
  @ivybean104: 1 times
  @drishtiyoga: 1 times
billyfens mentions:
  @RadioBabe: 1 times
baldtexan mentions:
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @losheriow: 1 times
  @BaldTexan: 1 times
  @celebritiesnews: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @atsmith: 1 times
  @blingafe: 1 times
jessealter mentions:
  @nasw: 1 times
blackchandelier mentions:
7ohay mentions:
  @TWCfans: 1 times
jennypooh22 mentions:
  @tashrenay: 1 times
  @LondonJ08: 1 times
  @JojoDaRealest: 1 times
  @mobliving: 1 times
  @JennyPooh22: 1 times
  @ericanykol: 1 times
  @TorriBee: 1 times
  @SW30: 1 times
  @Elisha1922: 1 times
siobhana mentions:
  @gabbicahane: 1 times
  @sgnTweets: 1 times
  @scottharrison: 1 times
  @billcammack: 1 times
  @wendybrandes: 1 times
  @gemsie: 1 times
rhhr mentions:
  @gwelchel: 1 times
  @lesacaskey: 1 times
  @hrbartender: 1 times
  @rhhr: 1 times
  @rumblethebison: 1 times
windycitizen mentions:
  @reversecowpie: 1 times
  @doctorow: 1 times
  @xenijardin: 1 times
  @jkristoff: 1 times
  @lenkody: 1 times
  @andresfrancisco: 1 times
  @KristenThometz: 1 times
  @gabfrab: 1 times
  @zephomega: 1 times
miss_knotty mentions:
brownillusion mentions:
  @Arsiney: 1 times
  @InternationalH: 1 times
  @k0utur3princ3ss: 1 times
  @BrownIllusion: 1 times
  @redhedbeauty: 1 times
  @VBMisc0nstru3d: 1 times
  @sk8brdjad3: 1 times
  @hiphopkits: 1 times
swiftbeatsuk mentions:
  @DJGrindFollowFriday: 1 times
  @iAmLuca: 1 times
  @minxieme: 1 times
  @richontwitter: 1 times
  @rngshow: 1 times
  @Decyfa: 1 times
  @Tyrese4ReaL: 1 times
  @TheEvilFrog: 1 times
  @ClassicStylez: 1 times
  @Exquisite027: 1 times
stillthinking76 mentions:
  @PetLvr: 1 times
wickedjess mentions:
  @ScarlettDane: 1 times
  @TastheRat: 1 times
  @NightVixen: 1 times
  @ViolentElegance: 1 times
  @WadeVanNeer: 1 times
  @AuroraWalker: 1 times
  @BillyBlack: 1 times
  @ClaireQA: 1 times
  @EmilyofLaPush: 1 times
weeelady mentions:
  @snowleopardess: 1 times
  @JanisSharp: 1 times
maloman mentions:
  @ishotthechef: 1 times
  @riccis: 1 times
  @yuriarcurs: 1 times
  @alexrodriguez: 1 times
  @DWFForum: 1 times
  @JeffGandy: 1 times
  @JulieGandy: 1 times
  @droze: 1 times
  @alexdesigns: 1 times
  @CarlosBaez: 1 times
  @woot: 1 times
asoftparody mentions:
  @drewtoothpaste: 1 times
lakeaustinspa mentions:
  @sarasnow: 1 times
  @davidlebovitz: 1 times
lucasvital mentions:
  @andreolifelipe: 1 times
  @cortezrafa: 1 times
  @producaopanico: 1 times
  @pepelinha: 1 times
ask_alexx mentions:
  @dearabbylee: 1 times
  @joeyguerra: 1 times
  @xstarbrightx: 1 times
  @mattdonn: 1 times
seventhlayer mentions:
  @AlanasAchievers: 1 times
  @vivspace: 1 times
  @Sydharew: 1 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
  @sabra14: 1 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @AlMcGourlay: 1 times
grateful_head mentions:
  @SSDP: 1 times
  @NatnlNORML: 1 times
  @BlackMothSR@huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @burningman: 1 times
  @jambase: 1 times
  @EatOrganic: 1 times
lacyn mentions:
  @LaCyn: 1 times
  @piano89: 1 times
  @WookieeChew: 1 times
coachshera mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
mariner107 mentions:
  @TPIRHost: 1 times
kundalini_yogi mentions:
  @rebeccamarina: 1 times
  @swalkingtree: 1 times
  @ChipEFt: 1 times
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
prspective mentions:
  @KashiaK: 1 times
  @PiLaRnOvA: 1 times
  @PRspective: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @isrealdeep: 1 times
  @jazzyone: 1 times
depping mentions:
  @davidmdavis: 1 times
  @jasonboche: 2 times
carolejesse mentions:
  @sastips: 1 times
matred mentions:
  @LazzaraYachts: 1 times
  @lorddrayson: 1 times
  @BigBadBoat: 1 times
  @risicomp: 1 times
  @MegayachtNews: 1 times
justchilly mentions:
  @DezitEaze: 2 times
  @CrazyMoneyLady: 1 times
  @VerbalArteest: 1 times
  @JUSTCHILLY: 1 times
  @stephiscrazy: 1 times
  @PappJohnson: 1 times
  @MexicanDude: 1 times
  @RollinStones: 1 times
fotoblogueroa mentions:
  @PopEater: 1 times
  @SpinnerTweet: 1 times
  @currentmusic: 1 times
mynameisscarf mentions:
  @mynameissky: 1 times
  @yuliakatkova: 1 times
  @MyNameIsScarf: 1 times
  @neohumano: 1 times
kubasbodegatees mentions:
  @8bitgangsta: 1 times
  @djmatos: 1 times
pbpmedia mentions:
  @dankarleen: 1 times
  @kristinconran: 1 times
  @tmongan: 1 times
  @winterss: 1 times
lindarislin mentions:
  @loray14: 1 times
  @gaiterman: 1 times
  @JamilaC: 1 times
  @DJCEO: 1 times
  @TyAdams: 1 times
  @LEDOUBLENY: 1 times
  @lindarislin: 1 times
grnwithhector mentions:
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @GRNwithHector: 1 times
  @GwennyThePooh: 1 times
  @baldeggie: 1 times
  @FunkeyFlashBack: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
joshaughnessy mentions:
  @kknipp: 1 times
david_a_stein mentions:
  @beattifickid89: 1 times
  @LACyoungGOP: 1 times
  @randyterrell: 1 times
  @DearCitizen: 2 times
colletts mentions:
  @ItalyMagazine: 1 times
astroglidebrand mentions:
  @rickydanny: 1 times
  @astroglidebrand: 1 times
stockphotoguy mentions:
  @Photojack@yuriarcurs: 1 times
sostylishj mentions:
  @PictureMane: 1 times
  @SoStylishJ: 1 times
robinnestor mentions:
  @writerdad: 1 times
carolynafenton mentions:
  @kroqkom: 1 times
  @daxholt: 1 times
europ mentions:
  @earstylexZAY: 1 times
  @euroP: 1 times
bellaliving mentions:
  @BurnabyNOWNews: 1 times
  @paulcip: 1 times
  @BurnabyHeights: 1 times
  @DarleneGering: 1 times
  @jasonBBOT: 1 times
  @roleychiu: 1 times
  @HorizonsTweets: 1 times
veggiev mentions:
  @captainrazzle: 1 times
  @mattimago: 1 times
madamebanho mentions:
  @catarinamatos: 1 times
jiju mentions:
  @ingeborch: 1 times
cvetka mentions:
  @pereca: 1 times
  @wcchick: 1 times
  @ColdHeartedChiQ: 1 times
  @smallbiztlc: 1 times
  @MonkeyDeLaCode: 1 times
  @Cvetka: 1 times
  @si1very: 1 times
samjones7 mentions:
  @rechargelife: 1 times
  @TamiHeim: 1 times
  @SamJones7: 1 times
  @AnnSieg: 1 times
  @sarahndipitous: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @gymsnearby: 1 times
  @bobwcaincom: 1 times
therapist_model mentions:
  @rodesia: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @kmallan: 1 times
  @stevensparkman: 1 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @rtbest: 1 times
  @allcash4homes: 1 times
cjuon mentions:
  @pfanderson: 1 times
  @kimsmith: 1 times
  @jasonpiasecki: 1 times
  @a2karen: 1 times
cfblog mentions:
  @warrenwhitlock: 1 times
wellnesshill mentions:
  @reikirod: 1 times
  @WellnessHill: 1 times
  @vesselproject: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
j0hndo mentions:
  @retrotech: 1 times
  @therealGlambert: 1 times
zzeba mentions:
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
danatbrandt mentions:
  @mountainkat: 1 times
  @DanAtBrandt: 1 times
warren_bennett mentions:
  @juliansimpson: 1 times
liamrowbotham mentions:
  @trippylobsta: 1 times
  @LondonMarathon: 1 times
pnegoro mentions:
leyla_a mentions:
  @bernardurban: 1 times
  @jcdfitness: 1 times
  @proteingirl: 1 times
  @fartsandwich: 1 times
  @thescottbishop: 1 times
  @allisonnazarian: 1 times
  @toddfisch: 1 times
  @willconley777: 1 times
simbasmama mentions:
  @kelalea: 1 times
domcorleone mentions:
  @andrewschweizer: 1 times
  @Rizoh: 1 times
  @DomCorleone: 1 times
  @IvanRott: 1 times
  @Nahshon: 1 times
  @AndrewSchweizer: 1 times
  @ExplicitMemory: 1 times
amandaswigert mentions:
  @RobinCollins: 1 times
  @sherrilbrown: 1 times
typeamom mentions:
  @AshevilleDeals: 2 times
  @girlsgetaway: 1 times
  @BiltmoreEstate: 1 times
  @Foodtopia: 1 times
  @ashevilletravel: 1 times
bordersnyc mentions:
  @jamesrollins: 1 times
kerwood mentions:
  @smallbizlady: 1 times
tnhuckaby mentions:
  @BarryWerner: 1 times
  @RollinsWallace: 1 times
  @bradmelton: 1 times
  @prophezei: 1 times
  @worshiptools: 1 times
edustarling mentions:
  @gnleal: 1 times
  @marcelofraga: 1 times
  @christianbleffe: 1 times
zherpa mentions:
  @WalkingHorse: 1 times
  @MTBKeith: 1 times
  @skibend: 1 times
  @GoParks: 1 times
  @enduranceonline: 1 times
  @JakesJournal: 1 times
sambr mentions:
  @NevadaWier: 1 times
nickellis mentions:
  @mnetto: 1 times
  @Roxmo: 1 times
kimmariewade mentions:
  @sdharlow: 1 times
  @darrenmonroe: 1 times
  @TweetMyLink: 1 times
  @HeatherO: 1 times
  @anitafiander: 1 times
  @ExcelRV: 1 times
megrote mentions:
  @RadioBabe: 1 times
kissmygrits0457 mentions:
  @kissmygrits0457: 2 times
  @MsNiMSz: 1 times
  @TGuNSz: 1 times
  @jenyourfantasy: 1 times
  @abereal: 1 times
  @talk2donboy: 1 times
  @SoWavy45: 1 times
  @JayMaDD: 1 times
dr_treyward_md mentions:
  @peta2: 1 times
  @officialPETA: 1 times
  @PETAeurope: 1 times
vodkastr8 mentions:
  @diabay: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @cindygolding: 1 times
  @Vodkastr8: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @jimsuccess: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @fi: 1 times
barbedwyer mentions:
  @calumvs: 1 times
  @Nuff55: 1 times
  @NaiveLondonGirl: 1 times
trish_hr mentions:
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @imjustagoyle: 1 times
  @Tallgeek: 1 times
  @jobshouts: 1 times
faceoutbooks mentions:
  @n8w: 1 times
dayeyun mentions:
  @TrumpWealth: 1 times
  @FillpotPhoto: 1 times
  @DayeYun: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @dinucci: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @WealthandTweet: 1 times
chods70 mentions:
  @Greqo: 2 times
  @chods70: 1 times
  @MediaMolecule: 1 times
  @McZiggz: 1 times
  @byronrempel: 1 times
aztourismpays mentions:
  @JackiMieler: 1 times
  @FlagBeerFest: 1 times
teslacky mentions:
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @QuakerQuotes: 1 times
  @brutonnb: 1 times
  @usaDJ: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @irisush: 1 times
  @teslacky: 1 times
simoncowart mentions:
  @nickolaswriter: 1 times
  @DjRickyRuckkus: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
  @musicbizradio: 1 times
  @drbeckloff: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
d3bbie mentions:
  @writerchad: 1 times
  @dmetro: 1 times
  @davekell: 1 times
peduarte mentions:
  @peduarte: 1 times
supersiblings mentions:
  @jimlee00: 1 times
  @fragaboom: 1 times
  @iambenlyons: 1 times
dj_upperkuts mentions:
  @AkaiPro: 1 times
babynotincluded mentions:
  @Sweetpea4kids: 1 times
shady360 mentions:
  @thehifive: 1 times
bright_side mentions:
  @PsychicSophieRT: 1 times
  @va1d1v1aTo: 1 times
  @IntelEric@1ndefinite@Dayewalker: 1 times
  @juicyjewelzfollowfriday: 1 times
slightlysick mentions:
  @MissKitty1923: 1 times
papilouve mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
guzats mentions:
  @nickellis: 1 times
  @mnetto: 1 times
  @Roxmo: 1 times
tylerdogcards mentions:
  @k9cuisine: 1 times
  @adoptingapet: 1 times
  @VegasRockDog: 1 times
  @effingcards: 1 times
  @mountainhiphoto: 1 times
stanice mentions:
  @LifeRemixed: 1 times
rockdiggie mentions:
  @KalThrace: 1 times
  @littlelazer: 1 times
  @Dr420head4lyfe: 1 times
  @CavWins: 1 times
  @Sereneo: 1 times
sfx_ladyj mentions:
  @SixOkay: 1 times
  @Trixie160: 1 times
wharton_women mentions:
  @WWIBCon09: 1 times
dhoelcher mentions:
  @My: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
kxbxbxkahuku mentions:
  @michelle808: 1 times
garyed46 mentions:
  @DarynTufts: 1 times
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
  @tomlenk: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
mustntgrumble mentions:
blogdesigner mentions:
  @chriswallace: 1 times
kendikeyn mentions:
  @ALFIERCE: 1 times
  @Ddubhasmyheart: 1 times
  @starjohnson: 1 times
  @TheXDexperience: 1 times
  @DPrince2124: 1 times
  @MissJia: 1 times
  @kendikeyn: 1 times
  @puremanofgod: 1 times
  @rob100784: 1 times
najwamoses mentions:
  @afrobella: 1 times
  @blaqvixenbeauty: 1 times
  @LianneFarbes: 1 times
  @beautyaddict: 1 times
  @nadinejolie: 1 times
  @vanitysnob: 1 times
  @tiadantzler: 1 times
jennmich97 mentions:
  @aishatyler: 1 times
  @danecook: 1 times
  @halsparks: 1 times
  @garyowencomedy: 1 times
  @KevinHart4real: 1 times
theheadsofstate mentions:
  @n8w: 1 times
rockstar_swiss mentions:
  @IGetsBusy: 1 times
  @rockstarswiss: 1 times
  @missdestinee: 1 times
  @tatzreme83: 1 times
  @mochared: 1 times
  @tyrathatone: 1 times
  @garandickson: 1 times
  @misonico: 1 times
gunrack mentions:
  @MatthewBragg: 1 times
  @GunRack: 1 times
superdawg mentions:
  @desireekoh13Hot: 1 times
  @Superdawg: 1 times
daphne_duck mentions:
  @aleximelvin: 4 times
donielle mentions:
  @RobertKenner: 1 times
andreahrizk mentions:
  @wiseleo: 1 times
  @VistaPrint: 1 times
darronm mentions:
  @sj39: 1 times
  @lamarodom: 1 times
  @tysonchandler: 1 times
  @derekfisher: 1 times
  @blakegriffin: 1 times
  @paulpierce34: 1 times
  @iconmanagement: 1 times
  @excelsm: 1 times
kidzrevil mentions:
  @dCsoulplusmind: 1 times
  @TheRealKream: 1 times
  @Therealseeon: 1 times
  @djptrix: 1 times
  @nyoil: 1 times
  @TheRealHybrid: 1 times
  @TufLuvMusic: 1 times
  @kidzrevil: 1 times
cletae mentions:
  @AppSmile: 1 times
mrlately mentions:
  @LuniseStar: 1 times
  @Amanda1104: 1 times
  @feedmekicks: 1 times
  @Csg2fly0: 1 times
  @UNCBobsters: 1 times
  @bj121285: 1 times
thisisanfield22 mentions:
  @LFCTV: 1 times
  @empireofthekop: 1 times
  @redkopend: 1 times
  @nyliverbull: 1 times
  @littleliverbird: 1 times
  @randomblonde: 1 times
  @koppite4004: 1 times
  @keithlfc: 1 times
  @DublinFury: 1 times
timbabbcomedian mentions:
  @netcot: 1 times
rosa7987 mentions:
  @ItStartsWithUs: 1 times
buddythereddog mentions:
  @parrisreddog: 1 times
  @RogerDog: 1 times
  @KeaneBeane: 1 times
  @barkzilla: 1 times
jacaldwell mentions:
  @kevinsenne: 1 times
rosevillerockln mentions:
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
mskweenie mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
dsml mentions:
  @caronlindsayf1: 1 times
earstylexzay mentions:
  @Mphazes: 1 times
justmeli mentions:
  @versionthirteen: 1 times
  @mollyjoon: 1 times
  @jina: 1 times
  @timmayd: 1 times
  @aesthetictheory: 1 times
  @holajoan: 1 times
tommyxtopher mentions:
  @MediaLizzy: 1 times
  @tommyxtopher: 1 times
kahlil1013 mentions:
  @dupreeblue: 1 times
  @moedownX: 1 times
  @moelinks: 1 times
  @alschnier: 1 times
momminitup mentions:
  @mommybits: 1 times
  @sthrnfairytale: 1 times
  @secretagentmama: 1 times
  @amyinohio: 1 times
  @jennyitup: 1 times
  @momminitup: 1 times
  @kaisermommy: 1 times
  @vdog: 1 times
  @mrsflinger: 1 times
devinjohnston mentions:
  @Dries: 1 times
  @webchick: 1 times
  @robertDouglass: 1 times
  @RobLoach: 1 times
  @weitzman: 1 times
  @jjeff: 1 times
  @add1sun: 1 times
  @lullabot: 1 times
bdba673 mentions:
  @girlyythemes: 1 times
girl_from_oz mentions:
  @tinymasters: 1 times
spillow11 mentions:
  @KBkitabita: 1 times
  @PartyGurl09: 1 times
  @MsVanessaRenee: 1 times
  @jap5a: 1 times
  @spillow11: 1 times
  @lclear08: 1 times
  @smmewborn: 1 times
  @britneynicole: 1 times
craziecaz mentions:
  @sangexx: 1 times
amucciarone mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
melfelk mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
kfred35 mentions:
  @RunPee: 1 times
  @SoCalMovieFans: 1 times
  @Wheretowee: 1 times
  @polyGeek: 1 times
  @frijole: 1 times
  @PixelWarp: 1 times
  @joshhofer: 1 times
  @kfred35: 1 times
  @hippyGeek: 1 times
michi83 mentions:
  @kellywcobb: 1 times
  @etaxes: 1 times
  @taxreformer: 1 times
  @grovernorquist: 1 times
  @taxplaya: 1 times
  @patrickmgleason: 1 times
  @saraldiaz: 1 times
  @brianjohnsonmpa: 1 times
  @adamradman: 1 times
karlabry mentions:
  @grattongirl: 1 times
  @karlabry: 1 times
mickie_1 mentions:
  @Mickie1: 1 times
  @TheBattleZone: 1 times
  @canciicewiggin: 1 times
lspetz mentions:
  @parrisreddog: 1 times
  @GoodDogLouie: 1 times
  @Artfullife4: 1 times
  @AnimalLovers12: 1 times
  @EtsyToday: 1 times
  @Zissy4PetTalez: 1 times
  @kritterkondo: 1 times
  @PetEssentials: 1 times
chiefmartec mentions:
  @cmvidal: 1 times
  @WordStream: 1 times
  @greenleads: 1 times
  @annatalerico: 1 times
  @ioninteractive: 1 times
movinglight mentions:
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @flowersbyfarha: 1 times
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @IndigoLife: 1 times
danamoos mentions:
  @travelblggr: 1 times
freytjepreitje mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
michaelteigen mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
thfitnessjunkie mentions:
  @lauracampbell: 1 times
  @momrn: 1 times
  @1chikitv: 1 times
  @mariaandros: 1 times
  @thfitnessjunkie: 1 times
  @kimsherrell: 1 times
  @riccineer: 1 times
  @tamsenfadal: 1 times
isaaaa mentions:
  @namhaid: 1 times
  @ohshitfrankiie: 1 times
  @gabeisdrunk: 1 times
  @BlushResponse: 1 times
  @beatavenger: 1 times
  @EFriedensohn: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @villagevegan: 1 times
  @joinedagainst: 1 times
oliverjd mentions:
  @george0304: 1 times
  @diffusion8r: 1 times
  @hihat7: 1 times
  @Ipswich772: 1 times
  @TheOliverrr: 1 times
  @Sebianoti: 1 times
knealemann mentions:
  @TheStacey: 1 times
flimgeeks mentions:
  @bonbonfire: 1 times
  @Bryronic: 1 times
  @MFLuke: 1 times
4play2nite mentions:
  @tangokjewelry: 1 times
  @4play2nite: 1 times
vatchea mentions:
  @toucharcade: 1 times
maxjackson mentions:
  @eBeth: 1 times
spiritlibrary mentions:
  @ChrisCade: 1 times
ghostlikeswayze mentions:
  @TheNoLookPass: 1 times
  @DoucheLarue: 1 times
tsroh mentions:
  @duff64: 1 times
  @AceFrehley: 1 times
  @SlashHudson: 1 times
  @sebastianbach: 1 times
  @warp11: 1 times
forcetengale mentions:
  @geordilaforge: 1 times
jonreed mentions:
  @expatina: 1 times
  @kreeve: 1 times
video_travel mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
carmennc mentions:
  @afrobella: 1 times
  @carmennc: 1 times
  @anitagrantltd: 1 times
  @clumpsofmascara: 1 times
  @getinhershoes: 1 times
alfredtwo mentions:
  @ClintRutkas: 1 times
kreativgut mentions:
  @fsgold: 1 times
catejca mentions:
  @mashable: 2 times
  @tweetmemeThankyou: 1 times
miss_kali mentions:
  @nudge204: 1 times
  @anomalei: 1 times
  @livecharlie85: 1 times
daggy1 mentions:
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @jenfidel: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @LisaMichele: 1 times
  @TexasLiberty: 1 times
  @infidelsarecool: 1 times
  @JanaBanana5: 1 times
  @787yghoi: 1 times
budgetnerd mentions:
  @newmediablues: 1 times
theroundtable mentions:
  @jasoncollette: 1 times
  @crookedpitch: 1 times
  @fantasyfanhouse: 1 times
  @fakebaseball: 1 times
  @therotofeed: 1 times
  @kevinorris: 1 times
  @bigjonwilliams: 1 times
jeffleach mentions:
  @RichardBiedul: 1 times
robincollins mentions:
  @sherrilbrown: 1 times
livecharlie85 mentions:
  @MissKali: 1 times
  @nudge204: 1 times
  @anomalei: 1 times
  @livecharlie85: 1 times
maritzaparra mentions:
  @tomesimpson: 1 times
  @SusanPowter: 1 times
  @sarahstanley: 1 times
  @RedHotCopy: 1 times
  @bourbanski: 1 times
  @JessicaKnows: 1 times
  @chictots: 1 times
  @maritzaparra: 1 times
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
msndotcom mentions:
shereemcfly09 mentions:
  @xmissmcflyx: 1 times
  @planetmcfly: 1 times
rings_things mentions:
  @JustATish: 1 times
  @RingsThings: 1 times
  @beadinpath: 1 times
baconfeed mentions:
  @MinistryOfBacon: 1 times
  @billyverde: 1 times
  @plolita: 1 times
  @divokc: 1 times
  @LadySalis: 1 times
  @plushpuffs: 1 times
  @Al: 1 times
marymarcdante mentions:
  @CrankyBuster: 1 times
swagnerdesigns mentions:
  @sheriRQ: 1 times
  @wwbld: 1 times
  @mileycyrus: 1 times
  @UFC: 1 times
  @KeithUrban: 1 times
  @rosequarter: 1 times
itshellogoodbye mentions:
  @itshellogoodbye: 3 times
splinteredboard mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
mattbufford mentions:
  @acciolove: 1 times
  @karenbernstein: 1 times
  @suzybayard: 1 times
  @lianegraham: 1 times
phillipresuggan mentions:
  @ScotScott: 1 times
jeskaeatsbrains mentions:
  @ImNickArmstrong: 1 times
dianemcgregor mentions:
  @dcolter: 1 times
poptopvw mentions:
  @samthewriter: 1 times
craveonline mentions:
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
  @Herbguy: 1 times
  @LaStreep: 1 times
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @CraveOnline: 1 times
pattirahn mentions:
  @kellyoneil: 1 times
jjdaddy55 mentions:
  @NorthEastTweetsRT: 1 times
  @deakaz: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
paynter mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
  @AlanaKarran: 1 times
beachmomof2 mentions:
  @jnoelle: 1 times
zenrabbit mentions:
  @everybodywins: 1 times
  @skutir: 1 times
  @ZimblerMiller: 1 times
  @ZenRabbit: 1 times
  @susanwrites: 1 times
  @mitaliperkins: 1 times
  @alicewilder: 1 times
berdnerd mentions:
  @stampington: 1 times
  @sockington: 1 times
carl mentions:
missmotorcade mentions:
  @thesomeex: 1 times
wearesimian mentions:
  @tweeterjennings: 1 times
  @wearesimian: 1 times
  @rexjulao: 1 times
  @ript: 1 times
  @HAHAiTsJeFF: 1 times
majidrazvi mentions:
edferrars mentions:
  @JosephineSeven: 1 times
  @edferrars: 1 times
newchristine mentions:
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
urbangirlyoga mentions:
  @aheartforgod: 1 times
emilyroseartist mentions:
  @finnstrip: 1 times
  @CompanyManComic: 1 times
  @photopauly: 1 times
  @captkevman: 1 times
  @dangermaus: 1 times
  @waywrdtoonist: 1 times
  @thaleia: 1 times
  @TheSuiteEscape: 1 times
  @PoeticMind51: 1 times
rwphoto mentions:
  @SherriMeyer: 1 times
  @stockphotoguy: 1 times
  @latoga: 1 times
  @davidsanger: 1 times
  @davidriecks: 1 times
  @bhilldesign: 1 times
  @anntorrence: 1 times
bearfanron mentions:
  @bearfanron: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @kamiNcali: 1 times
  @kuraihime: 1 times
  @Controlwiz: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
bisketbaskets mentions:
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @DidYaQ: 1 times
pfmonaco mentions:
  @CliveWild: 1 times
  @debraoakland: 1 times
  @BelieveAnyway: 1 times
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @meghanmbiro: 1 times
  @RedHeadedDivaK: 1 times
  @CherylSmith999: 1 times
hireeffect mentions:
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @cheezhead: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @blogging4jobs: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @jimstroud: 1 times
bethallison mentions:
  @hillsongunited: 1 times
  @jleeworship: 1 times
  @andykirk: 1 times
  @joelhouston: 1 times
lola_pastel mentions:
  @mikebailey01: 1 times
  @skins: 1 times
synbad mentions:
  @batanga: 1 times
  @latismo: 1 times
  @laTeen: 1 times
  @RicardoALopez: 1 times
  @ElishmirandaltNew: 1 times
paulvalach mentions:
  @JobingPhoenix: 1 times
  @PHXtransport: 1 times
  @PHXtourism: 1 times
  @PHXdrivers: 1 times
  @PHXaviation: 1 times
campbellwil mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @taylorswift13: 1 times
  @therealpickler: 1 times
  @Pink: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
northorn mentions:
  @pvponline: 1 times
  @mattstout: 1 times
  @Veronica: 1 times
  @thinkweasel: 1 times
  @jenniebreeden: 1 times
  @hijinksensue: 1 times
  @VertigoX: 1 times
brianrosen mentions:
  @LAFCChelsea: 1 times
bereolaesque mentions:
  @BBowman: 1 times
  @BretteSims: 1 times
  @MrJE: 1 times
cindymorrison82 mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 2 times
  @butterflykisser: 1 times
  @IamtherealCAM: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @AoPucci: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
derecshuler mentions:
  @bradhanks: 1 times
  @robmcnealy: 1 times
  @amycesario: 1 times
  @mylender: 1 times
  @reaffinity: 1 times
  @TaraRogers: 1 times
  @GFDenver: 1 times
  @docusign: 1 times
  @mizzle: 1 times
zasherb mentions:
  @allisonmack: 1 times
  @deanwinchester: 1 times
  @DeanWinchester: 1 times
  @samuelwincheste: 1 times
  @swinchester583: 1 times
janettefuller mentions:
  @StardustDads: 1 times
  @janettefuller: 1 times
  @BloggingHannah: 1 times
  @NewBookTweeter: 1 times
  @writeandedit: 1 times
  @ShannonECook: 1 times
  @WeberBooks: 1 times
greencodeprojec mentions:
  @EchoTechDaily: 1 times
  @TaigaCompany: 1 times
  @thecitizen: 1 times
  @1Sky: 1 times
  @globalvoices: 1 times
  @greentalkradio: 1 times
msimoes mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mostcold mentions:
  @SPProductions: 1 times
  @SteveLobel: 1 times
  @whoistjparker: 1 times
  @CGuttabeatz: 1 times
  @MostCold: 1 times
  @djjcuemn: 1 times
  @rullet: 1 times
  @djjaycee: 1 times
  @MsStylistik: 1 times
  @jeanise: 1 times
robindotnet mentions:
  @TomTroughton: 1 times
  @liajen: 1 times
epidemik mentions:
  @DreamyObsession: 1 times
  @tufluvmusic: 1 times
  @MzMiz: 1 times
  @epidemik: 1 times
artistrickards mentions:
  @mamatalescom: 1 times
  @megadonz76: 1 times
  @MsIngridB: 1 times
  @MtotheC: 1 times
  @SheezyBreezy: 1 times
  @tavets: 1 times
  @tiffeetiff: 1 times
  @tasteofhoney: 1 times
riggwelter mentions:
  @lauradeicaza: 1 times
  @migueldeicaza: 1 times
matthewgfreeman mentions:
  @sprothero: 1 times
sea4ever mentions:
  @therightblue: 2 times
  @nancyoverbury: 1 times
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @Sea4ever: 1 times
daveberner mentions:
rainnwilson mentions:
  @rejectedjokes: 1 times
puddlescollect mentions:
  @ScottATaylor: 1 times
  @murnahan: 1 times
mauimortgage mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @trbproperties: 1 times
  @mauimortgage: 1 times
  @Treasure44: 1 times
  @realtysourceinc: 1 times
uclaresearcher mentions:
  @RaisingVoices: 1 times
  @researchsaves: 1 times
  @CureDisease: 1 times
  @ResearchAmerica: 1 times
  @SemaviLady: 1 times
  @TheCuriousMind: 1 times
  @pewresearch: 1 times
  @drugmonkeyblog: 1 times
evilynvssheira mentions:
  @courtneytrouble: 1 times
  @jizlee: 1 times
  @daikou: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @JohnLeCompt: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @SDComicCon: 1 times
  @7726: 1 times
newmediaemily mentions:
  @TootieD: 1 times
leftos mentions:
  @Glamoursexlove: 1 times
twirenegades mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @RachelleLefevr: 1 times
  @michaelsheen: 1 times
remzzzs mentions:
jamessp mentions:
  @shwood: 1 times
  @defcon: 1 times
  @filmriot: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @ProArms: 1 times
  @GunRightsRadio: 1 times
  @make: 1 times
  @EONmagazine: 1 times
  @revision3: 1 times
  @EFF: 1 times
  @jamesegan: 1 times
  @wensley: 1 times
careerealism mentions:
  @brianjking: 1 times
  @HireEffect: 1 times
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
  @PRHilaryHartman: 1 times
  @WomenCo: 1 times
  @NickGagalis: 1 times
msxtina23 mentions:
  @mcfadden317: 1 times
  @kerwinr: 1 times
  @mrfresh8705: 1 times
  @jparson8507: 1 times
  @uflyla: 1 times
artneighbor mentions:
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @dawksart: 1 times
  @nzartguild: 1 times
  @micoart: 1 times
  @ArtNeighbor: 1 times
  @beckyjoyartist: 1 times
  @Adrianasimo: 1 times
duckyvader mentions:
  @dino101: 1 times
  @Leash23: 1 times
  @jskarp: 1 times
  @manicsocratic: 1 times
  @faffypants: 1 times
  @xxNadjaxx: 1 times
  @y2corbin: 1 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @ReAnim8o: 1 times
  @StonerNation: 1 times
ninaamir mentions:
  @drkimber: 1 times
paco_ mentions:
  @gravitoso: 1 times
  @Paco: 1 times
earslend mentions:
  @TheVSessions: 1 times
  @mapsadaisical: 1 times
  @themilkman: 1 times
  @eleventhvolume: 1 times
tierrafilhiol mentions:
  @ElizabethPW: 1 times
  @CarlaYoung: 1 times
elisabe38 mentions:
  @TwitHitter: 1 times
  @twithitter: 1 times
lynnakay mentions:
  @Stazzy: 1 times
  @LynnaKay: 1 times
jackiedandrea12 mentions:
  @PRJunkie: 1 times
  @FlightView: 1 times
charlesgregory mentions:
  @BellaDonnaForte: 1 times
  @charlesgregory: 1 times
  @real0ne: 1 times
  @NikkiGp: 1 times
  @pattistrufan: 1 times
  @DaStepMasta: 1 times
  @BlastoffBe: 1 times
  @dopegir: 1 times
danquid mentions:
  @clickflickca: 1 times
  @DanQuid: 1 times
msflipper mentions:
  @NYCPHOTOG: 1 times
  @indianamissy: 1 times
davincidiva mentions:
  @sedonamethod: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
rupdate mentions:
  @damog: 1 times
  @rubx: 1 times
eljacso mentions:
  @interdigi: 1 times
  @podcastEC: 1 times
artful_bodger mentions:
  @BrianBlessed: 1 times
bigjim mentions:
  @steverubel: 1 times
integralhack mentions:
  @YogaMaster: 1 times
chalet66 mentions:
  @GVOworld: 1 times
  @33interactions: 1 times
  @MLMadvice: 1 times
  @EasyWebVideos: 1 times
  @chalet66: 1 times
wheatmarkbooks mentions:
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @millyjohnson: 1 times
  @bywjhoward: 1 times
  @sophiewilkinson: 1 times
  @mybooktweets: 1 times
  @Topaztiger: 1 times
  @mrelihan: 1 times
  @lisamaccoll: 1 times
  @teresamorrow: 1 times
cathycarter mentions:
  @CokesSixPak: 1 times
  @BrowneyedPea: 1 times
  @YarnIt: 1 times
oddlyfilthy mentions:
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @vickysixx: 1 times
cornellalumni mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @CornellAlumni: 1 times
  @BrianTomkins: 1 times
  @AmitOnFire: 1 times
  @puppylovers: 1 times
kgilnack mentions:
  @v3campaign: 1 times
  @seattleNP: 1 times
  @everybodywins: 1 times
  @boardsource: 1 times
  @myimpact: 1 times
  @NPCCNY: 1 times
  @rosettathurman: 1 times
  @worthwhilefilms: 1 times
  @nerdette: 1 times
pamusl mentions:
  @MadysonDesigns: 1 times
  @tomokeefe: 1 times
rcalo mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @zariat: 1 times
trimmtrab mentions:
  @themattyboosh: 1 times
mseiler1 mentions:
  @fuzzyduck: 1 times
  @mseiler1: 1 times
elrui mentions:
  @pequiscarter: 1 times
  @croncho: 1 times
hybridization mentions:
  @PurdueAlumni: 1 times
  @PurdueSports: 1 times
  @BoilerFootball: 1 times
  @PurdueMensHoops: 1 times
  @PurdueWHoops: 1 times
wellness4arts mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
plus10 mentions:
  @vidanerd: 1 times
fatmosh mentions:
  @MommyMelee: 1 times
  @Dashoff: 1 times
onepinky mentions:
  @JeanneMale: 1 times
  @JohanaFischlin: 1 times
  @GetResults: 1 times
  @TheSCICoach: 1 times
  @OnePinky: 1 times
  @DoctorRobin: 1 times
  @4u2behealthy: 1 times
  @Laughandlearn: 1 times
rougite mentions:
  @minervagm: 1 times
  @habiaunchorrito: 1 times
thracks mentions:
  @windows7center: 1 times
donsqueak mentions:
  @maxdzellmer: 1 times
  @kurtstarnes: 1 times
  @gruber: 1 times
decodiva mentions:
  @trevorkampman: 1 times
  @craftastrophe: 1 times
  @texaseducation: 1 times
  @moxiecitygirl: 1 times
  @thefishmonger: 1 times
  @rwitterstaetter: 1 times
  @libbabray: 1 times
lilind mentions:
  @syfy: 1 times
  @deannarusso: 1 times
  @TrekMovie: 1 times
  @DavidHasselhoff: 1 times
  @thescifiguys: 1 times
  @DavidBlue: 1 times
  @dhlawrencexvii: 1 times
  @bonniegrrl: 1 times
8_inch_cock mentions:
  @NakedAllDay: 1 times
tallgrrl mentions:
  @markosm: 1 times
  @Chali2na: 1 times
  @Lakers: 1 times
jessestrada mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @RPSlife: 1 times
trzaska mentions:
  @govgranholm: 1 times
  @rykesrocks: 1 times
  @harbortheater: 1 times
  @hstonebistro: 1 times
  @lishaclaire: 1 times
  @johnmcvey30: 1 times
  @paulroper09: 1 times
gaz2002 mentions:
  @JoeyRudichuk: 1 times
  @GreenZebraUK: 1 times
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
  @KenRisley: 1 times
  @EcoAsia: 1 times
  @AndrewMontanajr: 1 times
  @LabellaGreen: 1 times
gogoinflight mentions:
  @cweyer: 1 times
  @freeskierVT: 1 times
  @IsabellesTravel: 1 times
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @nycantipodean: 1 times
  @AirlinesUpdate: 1 times
  @RCGreenberg: 1 times
  @TiaTT: 1 times
  @moth: 1 times
annarowley mentions:
  @orchidsprings: 1 times
  @shefindsrebekah: 1 times
  @kirtsy: 1 times
  @billieboutique: 1 times
  @blissfulstyle: 1 times
  @lsb: 1 times
  @mybeautybunny: 1 times
hesterprynne09 mentions:
  @MickSkywalker: 1 times
enemyofchaos mentions:
  @orbyn: 1 times
drdoeyrock mentions:
  @NorCalChika: 1 times
  @iamdre: 1 times
  @DjTedlos: 1 times
  @MarDaBarber: 1 times
  @Bigshane337: 1 times
  @drdoeyrock: 1 times
  @sinx: 1 times
  @Barritz: 1 times
lolx5000 mentions:
  @itshellogoodbye: 4 times
flikamadeus mentions:
  @naivelondongirl: 1 times
  @maybeitwasutah: 1 times
mjblair mentions:
  @nytimeskristof: 1 times
  @SaveOurNet: 1 times
  @UnionSt: 1 times
  @oliviachow: 1 times
  @jacklayton: 1 times
  @michaelshapcott: 1 times
  @jhrnews: 1 times
  @judyrebick: 1 times
  @dtapscott: 1 times
  @Kim1811: 1 times
gab_iii mentions:
  @musicjess: 1 times
  @AllyCupcake: 1 times
  @jessicaninga: 1 times
  @Kettums: 1 times
  @ellenecstacy: 1 times
wwjpat mentions:
  @swimsista62: 1 times
  @SoulTapestry: 1 times
  @grangran525: 1 times
souzacampus mentions:
  @alba: 1 times
capcitychris mentions:
katietaylor09 mentions:
  @MEnista: 1 times
  @80MS: 1 times
sh3zlikeastar mentions:
  @Sh3zLiKeAsTaR: 2 times
  @AKalashnikov: 1 times
  @Kanaeta: 1 times
  @ffashionista: 1 times
  @amp451: 1 times
drfriki mentions:
  @mrcomputer: 1 times
mademoisellec mentions:
  @NancyBP: 1 times
mymeesh mentions:
  @MLB: 1 times
  @HeartbeatBronx: 1 times
  @YESNetwork: 1 times
  @yankeegirl20: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @NickSwisher: 1 times
  @chargers: 1 times
  @HardRockPoker: 1 times
mysty mentions:
aloumesse mentions:
  @LazaroSP: 1 times
  @Branquinha: 1 times
  @tralala: 1 times
  @Aloumesse: 1 times
  @AnaCCosta: 1 times
  @AndreaSantis: 1 times
  @Anyssima: 1 times
  @Ayyallaa: 1 times
  @BellaLoveRock: 1 times
  @BobSimao: 1 times
vikki77 mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
fmfblog mentions:
  @SteveBorgman: 1 times
  @SoundMindInvest: 1 times
  @FMFblog: 1 times
  @MoneyEnergy: 1 times
stefaniewood mentions:
  @DeclareYourself: 1 times
  @CauseCast: 1 times
  @DYTYC: 1 times
  @TheLeague99: 1 times
  @HipHopCaucus: 1 times
  @PowerShift09: 1 times
  @FutureMajority: 1 times
umutm mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @haibeo: 1 times
  @bimmi: 1 times
  @mdascenzo: 1 times
  @varassanan: 1 times
  @mayoosut: 1 times
sajrocks mentions:
  @saxjill: 1 times
  @KSRiverRat: 1 times
  @jnd3001: 1 times
  @MAHRemaley: 1 times
  @tlrd: 1 times
  @paulapoundstone: 1 times
  @sorayad: 1 times
brie_magee mentions:
  @JeterBugg: 1 times
  @MuseumofNAZ: 1 times
  @AZsnowbowl: 1 times
  @PercivalLowell: 1 times
  @CoconinoNFFire: 1 times
  @FlagstaffToday: 1 times
  @VisitFlagstaff: 1 times
coconinonf_fire mentions:
  @JeterBugg: 1 times
  @MuseumofNAZ: 1 times
  @AZsnowbowl: 1 times
  @PercivalLowell: 1 times
  @CoconinoNFFire: 1 times
  @FlagstaffToday: 1 times
  @VisitFlagstaff: 1 times
jermj mentions:
  @philosopher1906: 1 times
  @jermj: 1 times
  @brwndrby: 1 times
  @beautifulgift: 1 times
  @deonmims: 1 times
  @jareddewese: 1 times
hayesishigh mentions:
  @HalfassBackward: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @sparkreport: 1 times
  @StuBakerComedy: 1 times
  @Jolena420: 1 times
  @HayesisHigh: 1 times
  @Notrox: 1 times
balliztika mentions:
  @RyanSeacrest: 1 times
  @chrisdaughtry: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @paulaabdul: 1 times
gingertakamiya mentions:
  @litfuse: 1 times
keithalink mentions:
  @HeinMaas: 1 times
  @katharnavas: 1 times
wanda_studio67 mentions:
  @joesimon: 1 times
  @andrewmsv: 1 times
  @loydcalomay: 1 times
  @kristenbliss: 1 times
  @philipbloom: 1 times
  @Mutinybikes: 1 times
  @epicmotion: 1 times
  @wedfact: 1 times
  @stevezugelter: 1 times
keep_itmovin mentions:
  @allytarantino: 1 times
  @KeepItMovin: 1 times
loudie mentions:
juanyta mentions:
  @powerspoken: 1 times
  @therealjjonah: 1 times
  @phmp: 1 times
januaryd mentions:
  @sundaycosmetics: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
pensburgh mentions:
  @pensexperience: 1 times
  @psamp: 1 times
  @BrianMetzer: 1 times
  @pensblog: 1 times
  @pensblogtweet: 1 times
  @jagrmeister: 1 times
deborah91473 mentions:
  @ferarospizza: 1 times
sarahntastic mentions:
  @feministfatale: 1 times
  @punditmom: 1 times
  @MsConduct1877: 1 times
  @DADiaperbank: 1 times
  @2ndharvest: 1 times
btv_trueblood mentions:
  @SeaChelle611: 1 times
  @missmaryella: 1 times
  @luissobral: 1 times
  @awesomelyaloof: 1 times
  @KitchenBitch: 1 times
modeling22 mentions:
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @SunSwept: 1 times
  @jujube5160: 1 times
  @nsane8: 1 times
  @nanjones: 1 times
  @AlanDavidson: 1 times
  @rocketjsquirrel: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
vbehzadi mentions:
  @amuse: 1 times
lordlike mentions:
  @brojero: 1 times
  @blackliq: 1 times
  @gaminegirlie: 1 times
  @coachiyabo: 1 times
  @theKatalist: 1 times
  @emeagwali: 1 times
  @lordlike: 1 times
drjanebolton mentions:
  @skarafanda: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMaia: 1 times
  @PositiveAdaptn: 1 times
  @kymalicious: 1 times
  @PowerMarketers: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
redheadmeag mentions:
  @OakleighVermont: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @SeaYu: 1 times
  @Pauloone: 1 times
  @cleanerhouse: 1 times
  @soderhavet: 1 times
  @BikeFriendlyCom: 1 times
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @maxgladwell: 1 times
odemagazine mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
mageyer mentions:
  @rjgeyer: 2 times
  @mckayzoo: 2 times
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
  @mageyer: 1 times
dickiemaxx mentions:
  @justex07: 1 times
neilw57 mentions:
  @piginthepoke: 1 times
  @ShropshirePixie: 1 times
  @smilinglinzi: 1 times
  @Morwanneg: 1 times
  @thedinnerlady: 1 times
  @Sazchik: 1 times
angel4tweet mentions:
  @BobChoat: 1 times
  @silixell: 1 times
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @Angel4tweet: 1 times
  @DavidBTwit: 1 times
  @CarolRiddickRDU: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @XceptN: 1 times
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
roxaloxa mentions:
  @djaffe: 1 times
toplessvegas mentions:
  @ToplessApparel: 1 times
  @SinCtySocialite: 1 times
  @sapphirelv: 1 times
  @offthestrip: 1 times
  @ThrillistVegas: 1 times
  @SinCityAdvisor: 1 times
  @adultclubs: 1 times
  @LVPEEPSHOW: 1 times
dougcurran mentions:
  @iJoyce: 1 times
  @rotca1: 1 times
classyvixenart mentions:
  @spell: 1 times
rawls mentions:
  @WGladstone: 1 times
  @DrPuppykicker: 1 times
  @nprpolitics: 1 times
  @gxrobillard: 1 times
illsingyouasong mentions:
  @artemisrex: 1 times
ndeddiemac mentions:
  @MikeLisboa: 1 times
shaboom mentions:
  @kimnishida: 1 times
  @shaboom: 1 times
  @pcrampton: 1 times
  @shermanhu: 1 times
  @maryamwebster: 1 times
dark_blog mentions:
  @poissant: 1 times
myownjudge mentions:
  @ClumpsOfMascara: 1 times
  @Scrangie: 1 times
  @vampyvarnish: 1 times
  @alllacqueredup: 1 times
2morodocs mentions:
  @neurorev: 1 times
  @neuronibber: 1 times
  @brainline: 1 times
  @lumosity: 1 times
michellerafter mentions:
  @marlamilling: 1 times
  @abrahamhyatt: 1 times
  @JohnnyLion: 1 times
  @stephauteri: 1 times
  @SingleShot: 1 times
  @PaigeHolden: 1 times
clarkey4boro mentions:
  @nathan91: 2 times
  @sonisphere: 1 times
  @smoshian: 1 times
  @theveerunion: 1 times
  @mileycyrus: 1 times
ameliabrazell mentions:
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
  @DaveLindahl: 1 times
nyonyo26 mentions:
  @yonaa: 1 times
  @b494s: 1 times
patkerr mentions:
  @genporoshi: 1 times
shellisxena mentions:
  @catldy99: 1 times
  @shellisxena: 1 times
ricardodsanchez mentions:
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @DonnaLHull: 1 times
  @CraftyPhoenix: 1 times
  @AquaProSolution: 1 times
  @ricardodsanchez: 1 times
  @jmccullough108: 1 times
  @RequestLine: 1 times
  @MomMomOnTheGo: 1 times
nadjab mentions:
  @mediaphyter: 1 times
  @PRSarahEvans: 1 times
pizu mentions:
  @perrdzu: 1 times
43kixseattle mentions:
  @BeastlyMovie: 1 times
  @therealnph: 1 times
merrijane mentions:
  @NYTalk: 1 times
  @Dolanite: 1 times
  @brucerusiecki: 1 times
  @ShhDiAnne: 1 times
  @amywithlemon: 1 times
  @dmitry: 1 times
  @FlorianYoga: 1 times
  @BlowhornOz: 1 times
indigolife mentions:
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @puppetsdance: 1 times
  @IndigoLife: 1 times
  @IammieCraftShop: 1 times
  @TalkNAngels: 1 times
wendymolyneux mentions:
  @tucwatkins: 1 times
  @alisonrosen: 1 times
oksanairwin mentions:
  @PJBlands: 1 times
  @OksanaIrwin: 1 times
  @Lfeik12: 1 times
  @freshjendizzle: 1 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
travelingmoms mentions:
  @chilihead: 1 times
  @travelingmoms: 1 times
  @iatraveler: 1 times
  @rolemommy: 1 times
  @JodiGrundig: 1 times
andysowards mentions:
  @grader: 1 times
beforeal mentions:
  @LadyProducHer: 1 times
  @Beforeal: 1 times
  @Fly11: 1 times
  @deeyouareoh: 1 times
  @MissCocoaLuv: 1 times
  @jasonlanderson: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
  @BLACKSOLUTIONS: 1 times
simondingle mentions:
  @frisbeelee: 1 times
  @TheAvenged: 1 times
  @CandiceHolgate: 1 times
  @melattree: 1 times
seth1280 mentions:
  @onyxconsulting: 1 times
alicebauman mentions:
  @djchrischerry: 1 times
twdating mentions:
  @datetwit: 1 times
  @valvalw: 1 times
ricardofroseno mentions:
johnkhall mentions:
  @kylefarmer: 1 times
mysteezradio mentions:
  @MordosKull: 1 times
  @EvilNinjaKat: 1 times
  @GamerGyrl: 1 times
kurrukurrucari mentions:
  @AmericanFilmPlease: 1 times
devonschreiner mentions:
geoffreypelkey mentions:
  @jvedman: 1 times
  @VeganInLA: 1 times
  @geoffreypelkey: 1 times
  @vegandietitian: 1 times
  @vegandrus: 1 times
  @veronikag: 1 times
  @vegand: 1 times
  @jojoba: 1 times
zerohart mentions:
  @SteampunkRings: 1 times
  @amaltheasattic: 1 times
  @Steampunker: 1 times
  @mykeamend: 1 times
  @YouniquelyChic: 1 times
  @StylesMedia: 1 times
  @CuriousCrow: 1 times
travis_lfi mentions:
  @JoshyCouture: 1 times
  @TravisLFI: 1 times
  @popnbulletz1: 1 times
  @sk8brdjad3: 1 times
djceeblock mentions:
  @swaClubNakedFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Mr: 1 times
  @AfterDark: 1 times
  @RedAndCrew: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @DjCeeBlock: 1 times
annawhitlow mentions:
  @lizmoney: 1 times
  @KaylaC: 1 times
  @evacuteer: 1 times
  @leveesorg: 1 times
polymerclaygal mentions:
  @quietmissy: 1 times
  @jovie8: 1 times
  @nokking: 1 times
  @pinktaylor26: 1 times
  @Izabelalzzy: 1 times
emilymedvec mentions:
  @annq: 1 times
mishikraz mentions:
  @esksmith77: 1 times
marcbe890 mentions:
  @marcbe890: 1 times
  @OksanaIrwin: 2 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @ElMonte: 1 times
livehead16 mentions:
  @joshgroban: 1 times
  @CHRISDaughtry: 1 times
  @EDDIEKLIVE: 1 times
appasi mentions:
  @MyCheMicALmuse: 1 times
romannsjr mentions:
  @OfficeHax: 1 times
  @SheriRocks: 1 times
  @AgustinaP: 1 times
  @NathanRichie: 1 times
  @kandeezie: 1 times
  @peachhoney: 1 times
  @MCGSTUDIO: 1 times
  @cfreshdesigns: 1 times
  @sweetdreamer: 1 times
  @roma: 1 times
trentcotton mentions:
  @ryanweaver: 1 times
  @THEJeffWoodard: 1 times
  @BruceKendrick: 1 times
  @JeremyHeslop: 1 times
  @BCMDDavid: 1 times
  @MandaWeaver: 1 times
  @Jacob1207: 1 times
  @DanKimball: 1 times
  @ExperiencingGod: 1 times
positivemommies mentions:
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @CoachKfromLA: 1 times
  @PaulasPleasures: 1 times
  @CynthiaPsyD: 1 times
joshuawoolery mentions:
  @raquelc415: 1 times
  @granolajoe: 1 times
setimedesign mentions:
  @poppytalk: 1 times
  @FifiFlowers: 1 times
  @SETimeDesign: 1 times
  @tdoerr: 1 times
  @frkygeek: 1 times
  @reddiamond007: 1 times
graffbeatz mentions:
  @90sBreezy: 1 times
  @CMossMTLien: 1 times
  @Dat305boi: 1 times
  @KEOSHATEANGLE: 1 times
  @THEKiDDJSTRiCK: 1 times
  @GraffBeatz: 1 times
  @soulful17: 1 times
blt0123 mentions:
  @rainnwilsonFollowFriday: 1 times
  @rejectedjokes: 1 times
mrpapaleo mentions:
  @nwalls: 1 times
  @WBDoolin: 1 times
  @luckypenny: 1 times
cowgirloasis mentions:
  @AQHA: 1 times
  @hautecowgirl: 1 times
  @tenabastian: 1 times
  @ausunshine: 1 times
  @featherliteinc: 1 times
  @profchoice: 1 times
  @cowgirloasis: 1 times
bricemcbeth mentions:
  @bricemcbeth: 1 times
bryanlongworth mentions:
  @Politisite: 1 times
  @heartlandenergy: 1 times
  @ohmichael: 1 times
joseph_one mentions:
  @StreetSymphony@theJacka: 1 times
  @TheLimousines: 1 times
  @therealeligh: 1 times
  @therealgrouch: 1 times
  @TheRealE40: 1 times
  @TheRecordHouse: 1 times
  @TheToniteShow: 1 times
seth_in_lapush mentions:
  @LarkinForks: 1 times
  @randall642: 1 times
  @BellainForks: 1 times
  @RobinNomad: 1 times
  @BlackJacob: 1 times
  @LeahInLaPush: 1 times
gillianlwilk mentions:
  @actech: 1 times
  @MomieTullottes: 1 times
  @sly101: 1 times
  @demetria1: 1 times
  @lisaswrite: 1 times
  @WriterMom: 1 times
  @SweetPeaAngel: 1 times
  @onlyseano: 1 times
  @DallenWrites: 1 times
  @acnews: 1 times
giantnerd mentions:
  @tommasobikes: 1 times
  @giantnerd: 1 times
britsilverstein mentions:
  @Starbucks: 1 times
  @MyStarbucksIdea: 1 times
  @SBXIronChef: 1 times
  @starbucksgeek: 1 times
lisaeffinwood mentions:
  @sarahxdylan: 1 times
  @fatboyroberts: 1 times
  @damonstewart: 1 times
  @badazzmofo: 1 times
  @byronbeck: 1 times
sohltc mentions:
  @TCTaxTeaParty: 1 times
  @DoubleDuece: 1 times
  @BryanLongworth: 1 times
  @NancySBrandt: 1 times
  @ArtArgenio: 1 times
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
  @MarcoRubio: 1 times
  @AFasterPC: 1 times
  @personhoodMD: 1 times
danieleizans mentions:
  @campbellewald: 1 times
  @mollysly: 1 times
  @toddkraemer: 1 times
  @chrismoritz: 1 times
  @granthamdan: 1 times
kimberanna_com mentions:
  @LepowPhoto: 1 times
  @jducey14: 1 times
  @travelblggr: 1 times
  @kimberannacom: 1 times
  @NAPPNews: 1 times
  @momsatwork: 1 times
flomaster mentions:
  @LunarShade: 1 times
  @verysmallghost: 1 times
  @cyka: 1 times
  @bozhyakorovka: 1 times
  @yellowdream: 1 times
  @Kaikiloppa: 1 times
rodiayala mentions:
  @genporoshi: 1 times
windywednesday mentions:
  @windywednesday: 1 times
fantasymagazine mentions:
  @VampireFaust: 1 times
janicke_jam mentions:
  @petercberry: 1 times
3ethel mentions:
  @aieseclife: 1 times
  @AIESECintl: 1 times
  @therealKIYOSAKI: 1 times
  @NoReservations: 1 times
  @damejiar: 1 times
  @kimkiyosaki: 1 times
  @DonaldJTrump: 1 times
  @AIESECalumninow: 1 times
penncareerserv mentions:
  @ucsbcareer: 1 times
actorslounge mentions:
  @bradgal: 1 times
kdhoney1 mentions:
  @GADBaby: 1 times
  @rbjclothdiapers: 1 times
  @shanhoorn: 1 times
  @phdinparenting: 1 times
  @tackytalks: 1 times
  @esbaby: 1 times
  @Diapershops: 1 times
  @sleepfortheweak: 1 times
miacheng mentions:
  @minimum12: 1 times
briantruitt mentions:
  @JohnLithgow: 1 times
markdc mentions:
  @EricBcKim: 1 times
tastfulysimpl mentions:
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
  @Liberalviewer1: 1 times
  @Jass53: 1 times
  @timbury: 1 times
  @Sydharew: 1 times
  @Laradolilly: 1 times
  @sillycows: 1 times
  @MyDiscretion: 1 times
  @OwaisIqbal: 1 times
  @rebeculla: 1 times
askjon mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
macafragueirof mentions:
  @alejoaguilera: 1 times
  @macafragueirof: 1 times
dangerwill42 mentions:
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
franciscoamaral mentions:
  @retorta: 1 times
  @nunoroby: 1 times
  @HenriquMonteiro: 1 times
  @tccarvalho: 1 times
  @ciberesfera: 1 times
  @pedroteich: 1 times
  @portugalpateta: 1 times
  @ppmascarenhas: 1 times
  @MrMusicLvr: 1 times
britta_sf mentions:
  @DavidWLocke: 1 times
  @alexanderrock: 1 times
  @onthefringe: 1 times
  @RyanJLewis: 1 times
  @eheiss: 1 times
  @IanKC: 1 times
dupalt mentions:
  @manostorgo: 1 times
  @elverbo: 1 times
milkysuggar mentions:
  @Maxita: 1 times
  @karenciadeideas: 1 times
bendeats mentions:
  @Whitney0925: 1 times
  @biteofbend: 1 times
  @bendeats: 1 times
  @Kebaba: 1 times
  @CafeYumm: 1 times
  @bendjoolz: 1 times
  @TyphoonBend: 1 times
citygirl912 mentions:
  @ConiglioNero: 1 times
  @fishoutofsea: 1 times
shinyspecialone mentions:
  @ValeWolf: 1 times
  @Danae75: 1 times
  @AayKayy: 1 times
  @THECOMEBACK: 1 times
  @thehypotwins: 1 times
  @RockstarAtHeart: 1 times
awewriter mentions:
  @marianajuliette: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
tallboy40 mentions:
  @ahhshazbot: 1 times
  @midgetmum: 1 times
  @homerstwin: 1 times
  @lynnesse: 1 times
  @jodonohue: 1 times
  @Tallboy40: 1 times
  @magnumlady: 1 times
  @CathysMum: 1 times
  @allyourmums: 1 times
  @: 1 times
coachlyndee mentions:
  @harvestworkerMeet: 1 times
  @christfollower: 1 times
  @CoachLynDee: 1 times
  @revtrev: 1 times
  @DMosley: 1 times
  @blessingsinc: 1 times
urcyberbuddy mentions:
  @webpronews: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
angiezherself mentions:
  @KateBushMusic: 1 times
  @catherinebush: 1 times
  @karmavampire: 1 times
  @SilenesCellar: 1 times
  @colourmatrix13: 1 times
  @D14BL0: 1 times
  @synthsarehott: 1 times
  @Morganafq: 1 times
  @viccitheram: 1 times
fonjames mentions:
  @realestatebyedj: 1 times
mattdonders mentions:
  @mwgray: 1 times
  @xequals: 1 times
  @3eb: 1 times
  @lowerit: 1 times
  @jessiefaces: 1 times
  @lightroomblog: 1 times
  @mtphotog: 1 times
  @pairadocsdesign: 1 times
  @mozy: 1 times
  @rockofages: 1 times
  @benjaminluk: 1 times
shelbyurban mentions:
youngreen50 mentions:
  @JULIOSNAKE: 1 times
wifela mentions:
  @judytyabji: 1 times
ensamble mentions:
  @pasameunagambaotecuelgo: 1 times
  @caremoco: 1 times
goddesscoko mentions:
  @WakoozRSSfeeds: 1 times
  @GoddessCoko: 1 times
  @ExodusTees: 1 times
  @aspiderman: 1 times
  @DaveN71: 1 times
  @wahujen: 1 times
  @LuisdoAmaral: 1 times
  @jgodfrey: 1 times
  @Abundance4Me: 1 times
  @lurkey: 1 times
lonalang mentions:
  @TheMotleyFool: 1 times
  @yokoono: 1 times
  @someecards: 1 times
  @LiveEarth: 1 times
  @KevinHart4real: 1 times
  @nethead: 1 times
mrhowells mentions:
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
miltondouglas mentions:
  @dcordoba06: 1 times
  @lzvillac: 1 times
  @osherzam: 1 times
  @wpena21: 1 times
asilannax mentions:
swaclubnaked mentions:
  @MiZZELite: 1 times
  @MandaBB: 1 times
  @Ndiva09: 1 times
  @shira8604: 1 times
  @bobbyshakes: 1 times
  @DaveBranca: 1 times
  @TonyVizion: 1 times
  @Bellarinaa: 1 times
endurancewire mentions:
  @ACCyclebetes: 1 times
  @CyclingChef: 1 times
  @Familymeds: 1 times
  @endurancewire: 1 times
  @linghartz: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
mombae mentions:
  @mattbologna: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @JimSciuttoABC: 1 times
  @mynumberone1988: 1 times
garycooper1 mentions:
  @thubten: 1 times
  @DetoursCoffee: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @rabbinachman: 1 times
waldeis mentions:
physrelations mentions:
  @texashospitals: 1 times
  @jonl: 1 times
  @evansdave: 1 times
  @johnwlittle: 1 times
  @JennTex: 1 times
  @Fulbright: 1 times
  @CynthiaBaker: 1 times
  @MikeChapman: 1 times
  @shawnz: 1 times
lisasonorabeam mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
anniebelle3 mentions:
  @SweetRelief: 1 times
  @grtaylor2: 1 times
  @ocac: 1 times
  @Jennvy: 1 times
  @Jodymal: 1 times
  @addictedtovinyl: 1 times
  @TedCanova: 1 times
  @AnnieBelle3: 1 times
  @flowergrrrl: 1 times
amytuggle mentions:
  @TweetVA: 1 times
  @relocatedyank: 1 times
  @Wrealizer: 1 times
  @stewartb2b: 2 times
  @EcoStager: 1 times
  @cometoroanoke: 1 times
ob81 mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
cnwgroup mentions:
  @stuartma: 1 times
  @rhh: 1 times
  @smoore: 1 times
  @mathewi: 1 times
  @markevans: 1 times
  @mikemcderment: 1 times
livinglife4 mentions:
  @vivibabe: 1 times
atllas mentions:
  @MarkRMatthews: 1 times
  @atllas: 1 times
  @LessThanItTakes: 1 times
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @WiiPigSooie: 1 times
  @berkuhhh: 1 times
livindiabetes mentions:
  @JoyofDiabetes: 1 times
  @diabetesalic: 1 times
  @CALpumper: 1 times
  @Diabeticizme: 1 times
  @MomsL8: 1 times
destroytheearth mentions:
  @ForbiddenPlanet: 1 times
soenarko mentions:
  @marlooz: 1 times
terrystarkey1 mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
annahill mentions:
  @SteveMoyes: 1 times
hirsute1 mentions:
  @jrtrescue: 1 times
shalomimages mentions:
  @pereiraphoto: 1 times
  @chasejarvis: 1 times
  @treyratcliff: 1 times
  @sccpictures: 1 times
  @shannonfagan: 1 times
  @StevenErrico: 1 times
  @jeremywoodhouse: 1 times
  @PhotoRich: 1 times
  @intistclair: 1 times
qcattq mentions:
comefollowme mentions:
  @tweetwords: 1 times
lizzibear mentions:
  @TheLimousines: 1 times
  @NtlEqMarch: 1 times
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
  @crushluther: 1 times
  @floggingmolly: 1 times
  @totallyGio: 1 times
  @HeavyBig: 1 times
  @EricVictorino: 1 times
  @ogryan: 1 times
xac mentions:
  @MollieK121: 1 times
zejmedia mentions:
  @briandanin: 1 times
dimitrimomb mentions:
  @rokkkrinn: 1 times
  @scotradcliffe: 1 times
  @riffgaffer: 1 times
annettefix mentions:
  @pattidigh: 1 times
  @stephanieelliot: 1 times
  @LdyDisney: 1 times
  @wiremamma: 1 times
  @rachelresnick: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
stillpushin mentions:
  @SoulpitchDiva: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @MishGoddess: 1 times
  @MsStylistik: 1 times
artspider mentions:
  @weirdralph: 1 times
karyncooks mentions:
  @ZestraRush: 1 times
  @RBScherl: 1 times
chadwelch mentions:
  @rdeal1: 1 times
  @username: 1 times
karlman mentions:
timnatc mentions:
  @beingthere: 1 times
marybeth66 mentions:
  @JoeCaruso: 1 times
  @CandiceJo: 1 times
mindlesspursuit mentions:
  @ActivityGrrrl: 1 times
  @ArcadianDreams: 1 times
  @ratmando: 1 times
  @SurrendrDorothy: 1 times
alexhsimpson mentions:
jojobrazil mentions:
  @SoGoPro: 1 times
rick_howard mentions:
  @ROBONICS95: 1 times
thetechnewsblog mentions:
  @GabeRodino: 1 times
thereddianthus mentions:
tjmckimmey mentions:
  @Kevinrose: 1 times
trivanifoundati mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
lupuschick mentions:
  @johnsondrummer: 1 times
  @scottia: 1 times
  @Dputamadre: 1 times
  @Xiane: 1 times
  @ixplora: 1 times
  @daijamae: 1 times
  @Bor64: 1 times
  @Yoshiko75: 1 times
  @Nelia23: 1 times
  @blimey85: 1 times
  @chomaee: 1 times
jkwgrowth mentions:
iceeyou mentions:
  @SimplyMelony: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
  @KyonEirue: 1 times
  @mrpianoman: 1 times
  @MaryBeallAdler: 1 times
  @MizCurves: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @missladii8732: 1 times
  @djte: 1 times
balancesuccess mentions:
  @dancesinthewind: 1 times
herbcowgirl mentions:
  @azthunderpony: 1 times
  @FiveKnife: 1 times
  @TankaBarLinda: 1 times
  @themoneyqueen: 1 times
  @herbcowgirl: 1 times
tennesseewaltz mentions:
  @HeathersNotBSC: 1 times
  @petrilude: 1 times
wgchowardcounty mentions:
  @MrsBatHCC: 1 times
  @CorridorInc: 1 times
  @BUCOatHCC: 1 times
  @HoColibrary: 1 times
  @rosearies: 1 times
  @WGCHowardCounty: 1 times
jlojlo mentions:
  @Webconomist: 1 times
  @piksl: 1 times
  @jlojlo: 1 times
  @nicheprof: 1 times
  @pirie: 1 times
tweetoe mentions:
  @IanMcNaughton: 1 times
  @athenaPMS: 1 times
blimeyworld mentions:
  @ASBMUSIC: 1 times
  @urbannerds: 1 times
  @CityboyAks: 1 times
  @ShyOneBeats: 1 times
  @djshandy: 1 times
  @Djvectra: 1 times
  @LaylaNatalie: 1 times
  @TrueTiger: 1 times
  @itssb: 1 times
  @reemkanj: 1 times
  @askyourgirl: 1 times
ginaatl mentions:
  @Brandelah: 1 times
  @MaryKayDiane: 1 times
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @Focuzmedia: 1 times
  @SonnyAhuja: 1 times
  @JCannata: 1 times
  @LadyProducHer: 1 times
  @pamkayks: 1 times
  @Brooklyne: 1 times
samanthahunter mentions:
  @HLindskold: 1 times
  @LeslieKelly: 1 times
  @KarenTempleton: 1 times
  @JenniHolbook: 1 times
suzieqjenny mentions:
  @seat42f: 1 times
  @duckydoestv: 1 times
  @chrisin140: 1 times
  @gmmr: 1 times
  @justjody: 1 times
  @raelee: 1 times
  @mytakeontv: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @ocdeals: 1 times
troymcn mentions:
  @StMarysFoodBank: 1 times
latinoreview mentions:
  @currentmovies: 1 times
  @ColeAbaius: 1 times
  @empiremagazine: 1 times
studentscare mentions:
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
barefootmichael mentions:
  @tellman: 1 times
  @barefootmoe: 1 times
  @algauthier: 1 times
  @rmgraham: 1 times
  @advinprogress: 1 times
  @dlrustvold: 1 times
  @runkerrierun: 1 times
twilightcrazy96 mentions:
rightgrrl75 mentions:
  @calebsimpson: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @WaitressTails: 1 times
  @MikeJonesPhoto: 1 times
  @LindsayStone: 1 times
  @FlyingPhotog: 1 times
  @yellatex1: 1 times
elona_ mentions:
  @KandyKisses000: 1 times
  @Jessica080806: 1 times
  @NakedHits: 1 times
  @BellaLoves: 1 times
  @Heavenlysweets: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @comefilljulia69: 1 times
  @NudeGirlsSocial: 1 times
ashley_callahan mentions:
  @MorganDayCecil: 1 times
  @Bestkisses: 1 times
  @4singlemoms: 1 times
  @creed: 1 times
  @ashleycallahan: 1 times
zubinsaxena mentions:
  @sushmeet: 1 times
  @UrmiRaj14: 1 times
  @zubinsaxena: 1 times
  @96: 1 times
  @Harishk: 1 times
  @madguy000: 1 times
  @latecomer: 1 times
blvdstudios mentions:
  @logocritiques: 1 times
  @chrisspooner: 1 times
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
  @fuelcreativity: 1 times
  @FreelanceSw: 1 times
  @tedi: 1 times
nancyromm mentions:
  @LizzyDishes: 1 times
eweir mentions:
  @StarrMiller: 1 times
  @alicekrueser: 1 times
  @EKArchitect: 1 times
  @BruceBarone: 1 times
  @GailDoby: 1 times
  @eWeir: 1 times
denialfeelsgood mentions:
  @squarespace: 1 times
sudsymaggie mentions:
  @ilikemybeers: 1 times
  @TinoBambino: 1 times
  @SimplyBeer: 1 times
  @NormskiBrewer: 1 times
  @TheArtofBeer: 1 times
  @ShawnBGP: 1 times
  @TheBeerWench: 1 times
  @shaunosullivan: 1 times
  @billsimpson19: 1 times
djmrwillis mentions:
  @balleralert: 1 times
  @djbooth: 1 times
  @snizzyonthebeat: 1 times
  @stickycarrots: 1 times
  @djmrwillis: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
jasdunham mentions:
  @aaronhoskins: 1 times
  @missheartcore: 1 times
  @megohio: 1 times
celebrything mentions:
  @chrisdaughtry: 1 times
  @paulaabdul: 1 times
mattbologna mentions:
  @edwarddroste: 1 times
  @sabny: 1 times
  @marybologna: 1 times
  @carlany: 1 times
  @danedinberg: 1 times
  @jessemann: 1 times
  @vudochilde: 1 times
  @katalee02: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
yeshua_shalom mentions:
  @spectrummother: 1 times
  @itsNIYAHbaby: 1 times
  @Vetashep: 1 times
  @kirkfamily: 1 times
  @1ChicMommy: 1 times
trbproperties mentions:
  @GoldenPen: 1 times
  @MatthewMaDotCom: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @mauimortgage: 1 times
iamstesha mentions:
  @SingleMomClaire: 1 times
  @singlemomclaire: 1 times
  @momsmostwanted: 1 times
rationaljenn mentions:
  @phdinparenting: 1 times
  @FreeRangKids: 1 times
  @FamilyNature: 1 times
saifra mentions:
  @thecoveted: 1 times
  @PRCouture: 1 times
  @theaofa: 1 times
  @alixrose: 1 times
  @clutch22: 1 times
  @ashemischief: 1 times
  @francisnewyork: 1 times
  @WendyBrandes: 1 times
  @ecletik1: 1 times
mernas mentions:
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @JimSciuttoABC: 1 times
  @mynumberone1988: 1 times
  @mattbologna: 1 times
sarahmeikle mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
namnamita mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
creisinger mentions:
  @Sureda: 1 times
  @KathleenShow: 1 times
darko156 mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
steenohman mentions:
  @fantomsurfer: 1 times
  @ulstrup: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @fortunekookie: 1 times
  @brentdpayne: 1 times
  @bradfallon: 1 times
snarfredacted mentions:
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @ReeferGladness: 1 times
  @Paezmp: 1 times
andrewsheldon mentions:
  @cashewredneck: 1 times
  @AndrewSheldon: 1 times
gypsytmg mentions:
  @LamontCooley: 1 times
  @EGaines: 1 times
  @erif814: 1 times
  @ThIaBrOwN: 1 times
  @TheBudgetnista: 1 times
  @shanelleg: 1 times
  @DROYXB: 1 times
  @DJLAZYK: 1 times
sureda mentions:
  @KathleenShow: 1 times
thriftymamab mentions:
  @kerrypooh: 1 times
  @SingleMomClaire: 1 times
  @singlemomclaire: 1 times
  @momsmostwanted: 1 times
jumpsnap_nation mentions:
  @Americangirls: 1 times
  @toneyfitzgerald: 1 times
  @systemsbird: 1 times
  @lukefrombuzzle: 1 times
  @JumpSnapNation: 1 times
  @coachginny: 1 times
  @MichelleBowden: 1 times
  @dhollings: 1 times
ob27 mentions:
  @JAZavis: 1 times
  @ob27: 1 times
heatheramyprice mentions:
  @donnaamos: 1 times
  @ttvwinegal: 1 times
  @pinkfink: 1 times
  @brendachesney: 1 times
  @bearbob: 1 times
kitcameo mentions:
  @creeplings: 1 times
  @SWStitchery: 1 times
  @EtsysDarkSide: 1 times
  @KitCameo: 1 times
gampmunck mentions:
  @marcelotas: 1 times
  @politicAetica: 1 times
cashhhmoni mentions:
  @moneythreat: 1 times
  @DMoneyPlaya: 1 times
coffeewithian mentions:
  @crystalf: 1 times
hollieasiegel mentions:
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @trish1981: 1 times
  @terrymyers: 1 times
  @ddannels: 1 times
  @MoonliteCreate: 1 times
  @zombot: 1 times
  @santasdevil: 1 times
  @TidyCat: 1 times
  @GKrispyAgn: 1 times
  @desktopvandal: 1 times
dlumer mentions:
nicolejeane mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
mlexiehayden mentions:
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @MarvetBritto: 1 times
  @PhillyGG: 1 times
  @goldtouch4: 1 times
  @GlobalGrind: 1 times
  @nferno: 1 times
azboogie mentions:
  @Fionabloom: 1 times
  @fusicology: 1 times
  @imeem: 1 times
  @giantstep: 1 times
  @talibTIRM: 1 times
  @soultracks: 1 times
  @vimby: 1 times
  @myspace: 1 times
  @couchsessions: 1 times
  @honeysoul: 1 times
  @fabulousaura: 1 times
sheri_ls mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
  @SkeeterHansen: 1 times
karlzimmeriii mentions:
  @Corenna52: 1 times
lauras mentions:
  @cmsreport: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 2 times
shaggyj mentions:
  @DAVIDLYNCH: 1 times
  @abletonvids: 1 times
  @andrewbartel: 1 times
  @wallstreetjournal: 1 times
  @mariqueen: 1 times
  @@dupolis: 1 times
radiomilwaukee mentions:
  @newmuslimcool: 1 times
  @BlackMarmalade: 1 times
  @tobybot: 1 times
  @AdebisiBlaxCEO: 1 times
  @SaraSantiago: 1 times
  @samthrax: 1 times
  @TCDigest: 1 times
  @MKEWired: 1 times
  @prophpeezy: 1 times
  @LaidBackRadio: 1 times
peacefulpaws mentions:
  @barrie: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @DidYaQ: 1 times
  @fun4fido: 1 times
  @DoggieZen: 1 times
  @Gooddogz: 1 times
ninjacentric mentions:
  @drbadhands: 1 times
xxviniciusxx mentions:
  @carolroux: 1 times
  @lucianagarbim: 1 times
  @ohanah: 1 times
  @victorfranco: 1 times
  @blogdocarlao: 1 times
  @alexprimo: 1 times
jonsimons mentions:
  @terravaleo: 1 times
littlemissmocha mentions:
  @pdgrove: 1 times
vinomike mentions:
  @waynestreet: 1 times
livethchrmdlife mentions:
  @FreePursuits: 1 times
  @LadyTravelsalot: 1 times
  @simplywndrlust: 1 times
darkbulb mentions:
  @amandafrench: 1 times
  @m0zilla: 1 times
  @mariethebee: 1 times
  @zicklepop: 1 times
  @tigerbeat: 1 times
  @microsoftcares: 1 times
  @EvelynTaft: 1 times
  @Texrat: 1 times
  @AllenKelly: 1 times
cpa_trendlines mentions:
  @JessicaLevin: 1 times
toddschoonover mentions:
  @Tibul: 1 times
mr_marx mentions:
  @amaniw: 1 times
carolineoncrack mentions:
  @LAWeeklyFood: 1 times
  @tippingpointer: 1 times
  @Savour: 1 times
  @cbeanshop: 1 times
pascalgrob mentions:
  @thefashionisto: 1 times
  @swissmiss: 1 times
  @HanneliM: 1 times
  @Iamyokoo: 1 times
  @childhoodflames: 1 times
  @bryanboy: 1 times
  @bunnyBISOUS: 1 times
  @StylishWanderer: 1 times
  @graceclarke: 1 times
blancastella mentions:
  @PicSeshu: 1 times
  @BlindPhotogs: 1 times
  @lodro: 1 times
  @oberazzi: 1 times
  @pandarazzi: 1 times
  @ceotty: 1 times
  @chrisgampat: 1 times
tcitypromo mentions:
  @followfriday: 1 times
  @tcitypromo: 1 times
ericeltonjohn mentions:
  @ElyseAtComarch: 1 times
  @GeorgeDearing: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
  @KeithShay: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @mjtam: 1 times
  @NeilAJensen: 1 times
tr4c33 mentions:
  @AliSweeney: 1 times
  @PaulaDeen: 1 times
  @MaxMorelli: 1 times
  @paisleyofficial: 1 times
  @krisalderson: 1 times
  @RealOneTreeHill: 1 times
  @biggestlosernbc: 1 times
  @BiggestLoser: 1 times
p0_p0 mentions:
  @GrammarGirl: 1 times
  @APStylebook: 1 times
cipytweet mentions:
  @Inspirationals: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @beaulacstyle: 1 times
  @esoterismo@CougarCandy: 1 times
  @GeneSzumowski: 1 times
  @elizabethmis: 1 times
  @SherryCarter: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
nazareth mentions:
  @SilviaAzmitia: 2 times
kentbeatty mentions:
  @kathyoreilly: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
causeaholic mentions:
  @pilarstella: 1 times
lisahorne mentions:
  @joshqpublic: 1 times
  @kevinspaul: 1 times
  @PatsExaminer: 1 times
  @nationallampoon: 1 times
  @PeteCarroll: 1 times
thinkimar mentions:
  @JerryRocco: 1 times
  @MYmeesh: 1 times
  @teamArete: 1 times
  @AdamChandler: 1 times
  @MickMoore: 1 times
  @sdentrepreneur: 1 times
  @robertljenkins: 1 times
  @JohnRothstein: 1 times
renzi28 mentions:
  @azzmonkey: 1 times
  @919studios: 1 times
  @dreamieyez: 1 times
  @BusaBusss: 1 times
  @RadioRah: 1 times
  @D51Mike: 1 times
  @houseshoes: 1 times
  @Wale: 1 times
  @May2Blue: 1 times
uh_lyss_uh mentions:
  @FruitSaladShow: 1 times
  @ryanoconnorshow: 1 times
  @shoshanabean: 1 times
  @stephaniejblock: 1 times
  @edenespinosa: 1 times
jgafnascar mentions:
  @buzztimegirl: 1 times
  @tylerparker: 1 times
  @braxtondawg: 1 times
  @shawnpbutler: 1 times
  @BethBridges: 1 times
spookyuberette mentions:
  @BubTheZombie: 1 times
  @ObscureHorror: 1 times
  @CreepyBrian: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @KraziKrone: 1 times
  @LaBrujaRoja: 1 times
  @frangelic: 1 times
botticellirejct mentions:
  @EmmaK67: 1 times
  @MichaelClear: 1 times
  @whistlingduck: 1 times
  @Elizzi: 1 times
  @Randazzoj: 1 times
  @EmbracingUp: 1 times
  @CollingsA: 1 times
  @Herring1967: 1 times
  @quantick: 1 times
  @serafinowitz: 1 times
  @flidby: 1 times
jonathanpatric mentions:
  @flycrizz: 1 times
  @jonathanpatric: 1 times
  @natalietran: 1 times
  @derekwearsprada: 1 times
  @breatheheavycom: 1 times
  @eliascraycroft: 1 times
  @ddlovato: 1 times
  @rickferris1: 1 times
  @ladygaga: 1 times
teamgiles mentions:
  @TonyaBednarick: 1 times
justanurse mentions:
  @Military1Source: 1 times
ttvwinegal mentions:
  @UncommonWine: 1 times
  @TTVWineChick: 1 times
  @ILWineLover: 1 times
mirawoodworth mentions:
  @CelestaKrantz: 1 times
mlh418 mentions:
  @michaelherald: 1 times
  @davidciccone: 1 times
  @michaelmanna: 1 times
  @mtmstevetrotto: 1 times
  @itsmemorphious: 1 times
  @WyattLeCadre: 1 times
  @mikef1182: 1 times
  @nutzareus: 1 times
  @michae: 1 times
richovernight mentions:
  @MommaSunshine: 1 times
  @bestestblogever: 1 times
highertrust mentions:
  @LeadToday: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
navart mentions:
  @sopitas: 1 times
  @mamasybebes: 1 times
missmelody mentions:
  @PoleSuperstar: 1 times
addiecharlotte mentions:
  @joeNFL: 1 times
  @kat0926: 1 times
  @kkmaz: 1 times
  @krising: 1 times
  @rajskub: 1 times
  @TylerGreenDC: 1 times
taiwriter mentions:
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @WorkWithIllness: 1 times
  @KCCareerCoach: 1 times
  @WorkIntegrity: 1 times
  @StevenRothberg: 1 times
  @AlisonDoyle: 1 times
ingodiesel mentions:
  @AndrewSheldon: 1 times
winning_mark mentions:
  @safercans: 1 times
pneumaprophete mentions:
  @NorthCorridor: 1 times
  @Katetheright: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @Kokopelligrl: 1 times
  @RachBker: 1 times
  @LaurieBailey: 1 times
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @Kristamaloney: 1 times
  @libertydancer: 1 times
angiedelavega mentions:
  @adolf0: 1 times
  @ranitamitad: 1 times
  @baanderson: 1 times
  @angiedelavega: 1 times
  @jluisram: 1 times
  @Magnoliag: 1 times
  @aycanijo: 1 times
arch4humanitynd mentions:
  @casinclair: 1 times
  @Refugees: 1 times
oberstx mentions:
  @sopitas: 1 times
  @mamasybebes: 1 times
djwrex mentions:
  @jansportj: 1 times
  @czorhandz: 1 times
  @dmanos: 1 times
  @csellmybelle: 1 times
  @ztrip: 1 times
  @LYNETTE21XL: 1 times
roccagia mentions:
  @marcurelio: 2 times
  @gpavoni: 1 times
characterinc mentions:
  @CarlaYoung: 1 times
iconomagazine mentions:
  @roc21: 1 times
theshaun316 mentions:
  @MissAyana: 1 times
  @laylakayleigh: 1 times
  @davezawislak: 1 times
  @letsridebikes: 1 times
  @mrparedes: 1 times
  @rawdawgbuffalo: 1 times
  @redeyechicago: 1 times
  @RevRunWisdom: 1 times
csick09 mentions:
citigatepr mentions:
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
levyinnovation mentions:
  @DemoWell: 1 times
hops11 mentions:
  @chelsealately: 1 times
  @tasteofbuffalo: 1 times
  @BreakingTweets: 1 times
  @joelmchale: 1 times
  @BuffaloSpree: 1 times
  @gtrend: 1 times
  @redsbasement: 1 times
  @fuckyoupenguin: 1 times
  @benkweller: 1 times
shpantzer mentions:
  @marcusjcarey: 1 times
  @stephennorthcut: 1 times
  @jackdaniel: 1 times
  @catalyst: 1 times
  @mortman: 1 times
  @mubix: 1 times
  @sfoak: 1 times
  @mmurray: 1 times
  @georgevhulme: 1 times
  @oneeyedcarmen: 1 times
sarahcooley mentions:
  @kristen: 1 times
  @cheeenita: 1 times
  @halimajohnson: 1 times
  @grentarik: 1 times
  @khartline: 1 times
  @drew: 1 times
  @ericaogrady: 1 times
  @bsimi: 1 times
  @db: 1 times
  @brett: 1 times
  @macala: 1 times
nehabagoria mentions:
  @gandhineha: 1 times
malcolm8 mentions:
  @marklise: 1 times
teenieburd mentions:
  @oldmanb: 1 times
  @oldmanB: 1 times
andrewl mentions:
  @terrycojones: 1 times
innofresh mentions:
  @salesdirector: 1 times
1970something mentions:
  @ScottSCT: 1 times
  @Scroobiuspipyo: 1 times
  @OfficialVernonK: 1 times
  @xxandip: 1 times
  @Klashnekoff: 1 times
  @brattonline: 1 times
  @iheartniyi: 1 times
  @emilyatk: 1 times
  @professorgreen: 1 times
jsl1983 mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
bmichelson mentions:
  @gleganza: 1 times
  @logicalleap: 1 times
donchacha mentions:
  @neilhimself: 1 times
sadiquap mentions:
  @realadulttalk: 1 times
  @ImDevilicious: 1 times
  @AnissaMayhew: 1 times
  @bitchyQuoteS: 1 times
  @emnorm: 1 times
  @JazzyFee: 1 times
  @QiwiRed: 1 times
  @RickeySmiley: 1 times
marleaux mentions:
  @Marialago: 2 times
mheadcase mentions:
  @Chuchelo66: 1 times
  @delmus: 1 times
  @fcthetruth: 1 times
  @MHeadcase: 1 times
  @RonStew: 1 times
  @ninacolors: 1 times
emiliodossi mentions:
  @casagrande: 1 times
wordpresswizard mentions:
  @PatLorna: 1 times
  @WordPressWizard: 1 times
  @JudithandJim: 1 times
graywolfpress mentions:
  @devourerofbooks: 1 times
brettborders mentions:
  @XceptN: 1 times
slaughterbeach mentions:
  @thetimecode: 1 times
  @moepower: 1 times
  @jeffthreat: 1 times
  @meggohontas: 1 times
  @Ameliarrrrrose: 1 times
chinichole mentions:
  @slashamill: 1 times
  @EdotA: 1 times
  @KiwiSNAPPLE: 1 times
  @blaqkween: 1 times
  @daniellehester: 1 times
  @amberrandell: 1 times
  @RED201: 1 times
  @MzKellyBabay: 1 times
  @Megsqueen: 1 times
paularobson mentions:
  @PaulasPleasures: 1 times
  @PattiMcKenna: 1 times
  @firstpitch: 1 times
gno2smoothnwavy mentions:
  @uknowhowibe: 1 times
  @WillBSwaggin: 1 times
  @BruzaTheGeneral: 1 times
  @grand100kay: 1 times
  @MaxBiggavelli: 1 times
  @DoeMarley: 1 times
iloveatlasgirl mentions:
  @BestFoodBaby: 1 times
  @kingsheir: 1 times
  @JesusShow: 1 times
  @mztiffany: 1 times
  @WifeLA: 1 times
  @jpisanchik: 1 times
talibmorgan mentions:
  @jdotpr: 1 times
twittermoms mentions:
  @galtime: 1 times
  @Llauren: 1 times
  @TheFamilyCoach: 1 times
  @iLunchBox: 1 times
  @dawnsandomeno: 1 times
axelalviso mentions:
  @Nerak: 1 times
hashwordpress mentions:
  @iheartwordpress: 2 times
  @hashwordpress: 1 times
  @McWebmaster: 1 times
  @lorelleonwp: 1 times
  @lamplightmedia: 1 times
  @wplimits: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sherri_meyer mentions:
bestbuy_games mentions:
  @mikeysgrl: 1 times
  @BestBuyGames: 1 times
  @Jackcheese: 1 times
  @Cletae: 1 times
  @GameHouse: 1 times
  @popcapgames: 1 times
  @KFORSavingABuck: 1 times
saintsince67 mentions:
  @TexasLiberty: 1 times
  @michelebachmann: 1 times
denis_rocha mentions:
  @unodesigners: 1 times
  @botecodesign: 1 times
  @daniluxo: 1 times
  @neonlights: 1 times
  @leoguarda: 1 times
  @torke: 1 times
  @malherbe: 1 times
  @stylecrave: 1 times
  @chmkt: 1 times
  @arnomayorga: 1 times
devita mentions:
  @paçoca: 1 times
  @fordcaminhoes: 1 times
mrb_mx09 mentions:
  @cuidemoselvoto: 1 times
jipsi mentions:
  @justinleon: 1 times
  @jipsi: 1 times
joyarogers mentions:
  @shelisrael: 1 times
wrenfields mentions:
  @KitchenBitch: 1 times
joeyrudichuk mentions:
  @SmartGrowthBC: 1 times
  @PawsForaCause: 1 times
  @AbbyFarmMarket: 1 times
  @microvolunteer: 1 times
  @TheCarCoop: 1 times
  @GreenZebra604: 1 times
robertblakely mentions:
  @Killandra: 1 times
  @joecassels: 1 times
  @saggysarah: 1 times
  @markinreading: 1 times
  @hanseebundee: 1 times
  @killandra: 1 times
  @nickpeers: 1 times
  @mrchrisaddison: 1 times
loebette mentions:
  @mamaverde1: 1 times
sabrinar12 mentions:
  @crystalchappell: 1 times
  @KimmyT22: 1 times
  @DesireePernasel: 1 times
  @kezabella2906: 1 times
  @NancyLeeGrahn: 1 times
  @soaprookie: 1 times
  @Destini141: 1 times
torylouu mentions:
  @eyesofsunshine: 1 times
  @chulitacrawford: 1 times
  @deiterdott: 1 times
  @deesparkman: 1 times
  @xogetoveritxo: 1 times
  @dancinggurl92: 1 times
  @shybabyy: 1 times
  @Leshleyy: 1 times
charlestonval mentions:
  @karsonphoto: 1 times
  @cgooge: 1 times
  @mikemizzell: 1 times
  @timcophoto: 1 times
  @wiltonelder: 1 times
  @bassguitar65: 1 times
  @murphy24p: 1 times
isi_techgirl mentions:
  @trxFOXHOLE: 1 times
larrymcleod mentions:
  @AndytheZombie: 1 times
  @sgbrowne: 1 times
  @TheAuthorGuy: 1 times
  @amburgular: 1 times
  @chuckpalahniuk: 1 times
  @VeryShortStory: 1 times
  @MiniFiction@RadioFreeZombie: 1 times
  @rustyrocketsfollowfriday: 1 times
graveyardangel mentions:
analuciasilva mentions:
  @TheONECampaign: 1 times
  @acchoir: 1 times
overlapping mentions:
  @winningmark: 1 times
  @safercans: 1 times
gunaxin mentions:
  @clreps: 1 times
  @fansided: 1 times
  @tonystreets: 1 times
  @ITIScott: 1 times
pedrompinto mentions:
memoportuguesa mentions:
  @batalh: 1 times
  @MemoPortuguesa: 1 times
busblog mentions:
  @Playboy: 1 times
  @hughhefner: 1 times
shutterblog mentions:
  @myfunkycamera: 1 times
  @millerslab: 1 times
  @PropInsanity: 1 times
  @canvasrox: 1 times
  @pinkinkstudios: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
damevegas mentions:
  @Krugeriffic: 1 times
ivsongomes mentions:
  @ivsongomes: 1 times
misssuzi mentions:
  @insanelyhealthy: 1 times
  @misssuzi: 1 times
  @TSElliott: 1 times
  @davidrisley: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @toddfalcone: 1 times
lilacwinesuk mentions:
  @lilacwinesUK: 1 times
davidpahl mentions:
  @KarenLangston: 1 times
racketmagazine mentions:
  @theseantcollins: 1 times
sexydorkgurl mentions:
  @JustANurse: 1 times
  @TheGoToSite: 1 times
earthpilot mentions:
  @higginsfamily: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
druck21 mentions:
  @peternudo: 1 times
  @raymondroman: 1 times
  @moonshinedesign: 1 times
  @tomchannick: 1 times
  @lancer743: 1 times
  @vinnidol: 1 times
haraldlink mentions:
  @typosition: 1 times
juoliveirasouza mentions:
  @juoliveirasouza: 1 times
  @suzanavargas: 1 times
  @danielgpinheiro: 1 times
amysophie mentions:
  @opieradio: 1 times
  @jimnorton: 1 times
  @anthonycumia: 1 times
  @jimson546: 1 times
  @amysophie: 1 times
jimtny mentions:
  @MarvinTowler: 1 times
  @JimTNY: 1 times
roberto_num1 mentions:
  @sopitas: 1 times
  @mamasybebes: 1 times
billneufeld mentions:
  @BartCop: 1 times
sonnyahuja mentions:
  @alderb: 1 times
  @OneVeritas: 1 times
  @billrider: 1 times
  @vannschaffner: 1 times
  @hammer166: 1 times
  @kenmillerjr: 1 times
  @purist1: 1 times
  @Smalltalkwitht: 1 times
  @divadoll123: 1 times
  @ccorskipc: 1 times
pdgrove mentions:
  @OrianneD: 1 times
dreambank mentions:
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
paulson500 mentions:
  @simonbeard: 1 times
retta719 mentions:
  @BrennanAnnie: 1 times
  @marketingelf: 1 times
  @Table4Five: 1 times
  @bulletz: 1 times
  @mivox: 1 times
  @TorontoCarol: 1 times
  @Ravish30: 1 times
  @ArikaL: 1 times
  @lisamariemary: 1 times
  @Thyme2dream: 1 times
  @kimsmith: 1 times
thisstarchild mentions:
  @TheDeanoRama: 1 times
  @Linnette1: 1 times
  @tammielynne: 1 times
highlanda mentions:
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @DJJAZZYJOYCE: 1 times
  @stopbeefinradio: 1 times
  @bmoreoriginal: 1 times
  @DJBOBBYTRENDS: 1 times
  @mayatheb: 1 times
  @TyCohen: 1 times
  @RasEGRadio: 1 times
jamesgoldman mentions:
  @Premiumbeat: 1 times
  @WaveGoogle: 1 times
drivebuy mentions:
  @KevinCurtis: 1 times
  @GoodmanGroup: 1 times
  @30lines: 1 times
  @mayaREguru: 1 times
  @EricUrbane: 1 times
  @coriburkhert: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @fratel: 1 times
olalah mentions:
  @chuckhester: 1 times
  @dancingelephant: 1 times
  @stephaniehester: 1 times
  @communitymgr: 1 times
  @olalah: 1 times
  @triangleb2b: 1 times
  @diedrehughey: 1 times
livingrheum mentions:
  @jangault: 1 times
pamelump mentions:
  @liasynthis: 1 times
micole_ mentions:
entrepreneurpro mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
seobridges mentions:
  @sewatch: 1 times
windbaron mentions:
  @benjaminwrites: 1 times
kaiern mentions:
  @tkarlsn: 1 times
  @asphaltOnline: 1 times
  @fabianv: 1 times
  @visualrinse: 1 times
  @markderidder: 1 times
nandaaa mentions:
  @kalulopes: 1 times
  @desvai: 1 times
  @jhoje: 1 times
  @luvedovato: 1 times
  @SoaresNasc: 1 times
nicoleisbetter mentions:
  @CarlosMic: 1 times
  @nicoleisbetter: 1 times
jhoysradt mentions:
  @chrisrbrown: 1 times
dp_turtle mentions:
  @activenetwork: 1 times
  @MarathonMatters: 1 times
jilliandecamp mentions:
  @SenatorBerger: 1 times
djswiftofficial mentions:
  @poetik517: 1 times
  @soundsavvy: 1 times
  @djswiftofficial: 1 times
  @epicSense: 1 times
  @ckdub: 1 times
  @jimbo5: 1 times
  @Allen71: 1 times
abundantenergy mentions:
  @jhoysradt: 1 times
  @chrisrbrown: 1 times
podcastrob mentions:
  @markbaars: 1 times
  @mzondag: 1 times
  @edovett: 1 times
  @pfmonaco: 1 times
  @dswatik: 1 times
  @PodcastRob: 1 times
  @JesseWBrown: 1 times
andygroenink mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @mww1954: 1 times
  @leighmichele: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @aliving: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @kathystover: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
askchrisjensen mentions:
  @BillRomer: 1 times
  @redsweb: 1 times
  @pambrechlin: 1 times
  @pastorjoeb: 1 times
miketon944 mentions:
  @ilocalflorist: 1 times
  @MindTalk: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @mkephart25: 1 times
  @tomlopy: 1 times
  @Tbackstrom: 1 times
  @BillWixey: 1 times
  @radioastro: 1 times
  @JMHorton93: 1 times
  @lopnet: 1 times
foiledcupcakes mentions:
  @martinjon: 2 times
  @foiledcupcakes: 1 times
teresamorrow mentions:
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
  @PopArtDiva: 1 times
hempstevens mentions:
  @hempstevens: 1 times
apcas mentions:
  @IsabelGarciaPer: 1 times
magicneverends mentions:
  @stacythatgirl: 1 times
  @Lauraldawn: 1 times
  @NDM1: 1 times
  @aaronspod: 1 times
  @ROBONICS95: 1 times
azkidfresh mentions:
  @malexis1: 1 times
  @BOBBYFRESH09: 1 times
  @makereau: 1 times
  @iamjuice: 1 times
  @GunsAndCrayons: 1 times
  @STREETGODDESS: 1 times
  @IAMCOMPASS: 1 times
indairy mentions:
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @lpalomo: 1 times
  @gaalinda: 1 times
spinelli666 mentions:
  @LisaToddSutton: 1 times
  @shadowfaxrulz: 1 times
  @shaggieshapiro: 1 times
  @usetoberepub: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
robby1051 mentions:
  @adventurene: 2 times
  @johnny1051: 1 times
  @usbmark: 1 times
  @ilinksrusso: 1 times
ginger_eatman mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @LauraJDaley: 1 times
  @Freed2Travel: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @bobhallam: 1 times
bilboski mentions:
  @BretMcCormick: 1 times
  @bretmccormick: 1 times
  @bilboski: 1 times
nisemono mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
allisonshields mentions:
  @moeeds: 1 times
  @stephenfairly: 1 times
  @allisonshields: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
__jaycee__ mentions:
  @joshuael: 1 times
  @howsthedotcom: 1 times
  @macbooksale: 1 times
  @Jaycee: 1 times
lilmissjen mentions:
  @adamkmiec: 1 times
  @thehotiron: 1 times
ethicstweet mentions:
  @dougcornelius@cunninghamc: 1 times
jinjindoggy mentions:
  @forevershadow: 1 times
karyd mentions:
  @Ech03: 1 times
alikiks mentions:
darleneouimet mentions:
  @lynnoc: 1 times
  @madure: 1 times
  @ChoosingChange: 1 times
  @psychotherapi: 1 times
  @mentalhealth1: 1 times
tedvilla mentions:
  @diannahaistart: 1 times
  @barbaracowlin: 1 times
  @studionartist: 1 times
shannon_fox925 mentions:
  @rYannbradleY: 1 times
  @JOEFM: 1 times
  @JlynNye: 1 times
  @ShannonFox925: 1 times
  @britl: 1 times
  @milfette: 1 times
  @NixonK: 1 times
  @tambasco: 1 times
  @Korinda: 1 times
  @CRavndahl: 1 times
chiropracticstl mentions:
  @WebsterGroves: 1 times
  @WHSAChamber: 1 times
  @bigskycafe: 1 times
  @ChiropracticSTL: 1 times
  @WGTimes: 1 times
  @WebsterLLY: 1 times
  @RobustWineBar: 1 times
phatabulous_4 mentions:
  @phatabulous4: 1 times
  @9mmNinaRoss: 1 times
  @aquarianways: 1 times
  @lultreyc: 1 times
  @fozzyfan: 1 times
  @missjjay: 1 times
  @kindly99: 1 times
  @blissfullyquee: 1 times
billyjacobson mentions:
  @gretamorgan: 1 times
  @StockTwits: 1 times
  @therobertmorris: 1 times
  @votefortheworst: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
bloggerdad mentions:
  @bestestblogever: 2 times
dbrycz mentions:
  @greenarchitect: 1 times
  @ecopond: 1 times
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
  @whygreenliving: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @leafygreeninfo: 1 times
  @CanarsieBK: 1 times
  @ecofashionista: 1 times
christine22hoef mentions:
  @EQGal: 1 times
pollyplummer mentions:
  @digory79: 1 times
  @IranElection: 1 times
  @jburn: 1 times
coopeats mentions:
  @johnnyflapjacks: 1 times
  @wheatsvilleduce: 1 times
  @wheatsville: 1 times
  @ashlandfoodcoop: 1 times
sweetnsexykitty mentions:
  @Raatek: 1 times
  @sweetnsexykitty: 1 times
chellewhitaker mentions:
  @mitchelmusso: 1 times
aidswalksf mentions:
  @TKNO: 1 times
elis_amancio mentions:
  @kikacastro: 1 times
  @fangelico: 1 times
  @msoares: 1 times
  @alecduarte: 1 times
  @anaestela: 1 times
  @agiesbrecht: 1 times
sarahfowler mentions:
  @conniereece: 1 times
davefowler mentions:
  @bestestblogever: 2 times
adevine1 mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
jetsnow mentions:
  @CarmaSez: 1 times
  @KellyG5: 1 times
  @mochadad: 1 times
  @amandaj: 1 times
  @kjannfischer: 1 times
  @RantRaveRoll: 1 times
  @ejly: 1 times
  @jodifur: 1 times
  @SITSgirls: 1 times
  @JetSnow: 1 times
bwestmusic mentions:
  @TheRealJSmooth: 2 times
  @Dashrealrecords: 1 times
  @Bwestmusic: 1 times
  @DmvsBundles: 1 times
  @DjBootleg813: 1 times
  @mC301: 1 times
  @HeartlessRecord: 1 times
  @Bmass1017: 1 times
momisbuff mentions:
  @kelvinringold: 1 times
  @Momisbuff: 1 times
dougypark mentions:
  @DigitalCurrent: 1 times
  @CafaLawBlog: 1 times
  @TelesInternatl: 1 times
  @fayfeeney: 1 times
  @stephenfairley: 1 times
  @batterystuff: 1 times
  @SEMImktstats: 1 times
  @AlternativeNRG: 1 times
the_clown mentions:
  @focus20: 1 times
  @chantalbeaupre: 1 times
  @GaetaneBeaupre: 1 times
  @Aryane: 1 times
  @AryaneV: 1 times
  @JCTremblay: 1 times
  @MichelleBlanc: 1 times
  @AdrienOleary: 1 times
styleunveiled mentions:
  @sfstyleunveiled: 1 times
alionakjewelry mentions:
  @nsmithmorgan: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @eyefidelity: 1 times
stephsibal mentions:
  @lala256: 1 times
  @smbrown123: 1 times
  @maxthebd: 1 times
  @shamekko: 1 times
  @mdpitman: 1 times
hawkeye0071 mentions:
  @autumnmeadows: 1 times
  @ricksanchezcnn: 1 times
  @donlemoncnn: 1 times
danavshelley mentions:
  @conniereece: 1 times
immachocoholic mentions:
  @TheodoreMedia: 1 times
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @LibertyLetter: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @dabozz: 1 times
  @Dunkin: 1 times
panamajack54 mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @KristalAshely: 2 times
  @shenalsilva: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
michellebythec mentions:
  @mileless: 1 times
  @UFNow: 1 times
anomaa mentions:
  @mollywood: 1 times
  @markmorford: 1 times
hesika mentions:
  @EliLama: 1 times
  @whitsundays: 1 times
  @sargedunn1: 1 times
  @hesika: 1 times
  @queensland: 1 times
  @traveldudes: 1 times
  @aussiecynic: 1 times
  @photoneil: 1 times
mariaspinola mentions:
  @ZinhaPintoBull: 1 times
  @IsabelDiogo: 1 times
  @czorrinho: 1 times
  @ssspray: 1 times
  @ivancardoso: 1 times
  @mfrancopt: 1 times
  @DavidASantos: 1 times
  @rgrilo: 1 times
  @Directimedia: 1 times
  @GL: 1 times
  @ovvo: 1 times
praenomenal mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
pinktee mentions:
homegrownmommy mentions:
  @dudetodad: 1 times
  @hughweber: 1 times
nyakototo mentions:
  @lostwftb: 1 times
  @jstueve: 1 times
  @zachsmind: 1 times
  @modelmelissa: 1 times
  @sefus: 1 times
  @psifen: 1 times
  @tomwilson24: 1 times
  @islandscientist: 1 times
  @ashatl: 1 times
amerasian944 mentions:
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @USUHSPAO: 1 times
  @fthoodsentinel: 1 times
  @southcomwatch: 1 times
  @sparoworth: 1 times
  @SpouseCentrals: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @Sapper66: 1 times
  @KristenMcNally: 1 times
kellyheinz mentions:
  @caylorb: 1 times
knowsebay mentions:
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @DrRoryLewis: 1 times
  @BeautifulNude: 1 times
  @KnowsEbay: 1 times
  @AppleDiscounts: 1 times
ecolabelfund mentions:
  @interwibble: 1 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @greentoyou: 1 times
  @greenparentchicago: 1 times
  @GUMsMinis: 1 times
  @namilos: 1 times
  @crystalkana: 1 times
  @Rai7Rai: 1 times
  @epschleichert: 1 times
pro_creator mentions:
  @NatalieGrant: 1 times
  @cdlowell: 1 times
soulman9 mentions:
  @milanford: 1 times
chantalbeaupre mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @Ruste76: 1 times
  @mlomb: 1 times
  @TheEntertainer: 1 times
  @Jeanne: 1 times
  @shonjevon: 1 times
  @geobart: 1 times
  @kinaton: 1 times
  @Give2Give: 1 times
  @USNretired: 1 times
  @annsom: 1 times
karenarouse mentions:
  @EFTSuzanne: 1 times
  @MTTRadio: 1 times
  @jackin1: 1 times
  @DDFlamingFox: 1 times
  @rosannaspringer: 1 times
  @KarenaRouse: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @Mikae: 1 times
millelopez mentions:
  @AceMysteriouz: 1 times
  @Angelique79: 1 times
  @IAmJMack: 1 times
  @theblastoffking: 1 times
  @vanessanoheart: 1 times
  @IDIANY: 1 times
  @BLKMagnum: 1 times
  @KnowledgeBone: 1 times
  @MilleLopez: 1 times
bjjonessc mentions:
  @notsam: 1 times
  @erockradio: 1 times
jennybdesign mentions:
  @alanarenfro: 1 times
nobsgamers mentions:
  @secondkoan: 1 times
mrmarx mentions:
  @triciatanaka: 1 times
  @docarzt: 1 times
  @mrmarx: 1 times
  @fivewithflores: 1 times
  @cliqueclacktv: 1 times
four_seasons mentions:
  @FSPaloAlto: 1 times
artsyerika mentions:
  @kort: 1 times
  @winehouse: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
  @FastLaugh: 1 times
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @simeonjames: 1 times
  @tuscanycious: 1 times
  @delmus: 1 times
  @kingestate: 1 times
ry_hudson mentions:
  @RealClearSports: 1 times
  @artspande: 1 times
popculturezoo mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
chewloca mentions:
  @VanBiennale: 1 times
  @kk: 1 times
buthaina mentions:
ionwen mentions:
  @christay0102: 1 times
  @darthelvis: 1 times
  @deancummings: 1 times
  @deanomarr: 1 times
  @dearhummingbird: 1 times
  @fifilulabelle: 1 times
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
johnrothstein mentions:
  @thinkiMAR: 1 times
  @JerryRocco: 1 times
  @MYmeesh: 1 times
  @teamArete: 1 times
  @AdamChandler: 1 times
  @MickMoore: 1 times
  @sdentrepreneur: 1 times
  @robertljenkins: 1 times
nhltweetup mentions:
  @goaliegirl: 1 times
  @dani3boyz: 1 times
jpostman mentions:
  @wordpressking: 1 times
filmfestlounge mentions:
  @LeahsStory: 1 times
  @kevinwinn: 1 times
  @mikeboas: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
kirkflorida mentions:
  @LessaT: 2 times
  @guestbook: 1 times
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @Ideas4Linkedin: 1 times
  @jewlearn: 1 times
  @kirkflorida: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @Louis19: 1 times
planetbill mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
honeybearkelly mentions:
  @LaurieInQueens: 1 times
  @JohnKerry: 1 times
cellmedic mentions:
  @gail666: 1 times
  @pinkelephantpun: 1 times
  @theshipwatcher: 1 times
  @juliebanderas: 1 times
  @outloudopinion: 1 times
  @manlysreplublic: 1 times
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
gabbricha mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
arsnova mentions:
  @jasoneagan: 1 times
mom_05 mentions:
  @SlingAndSwaddle: 1 times
bignobody mentions:
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @Deva09IAME: 1 times
  @Eliye4real: 1 times
  @Ariesbaby82: 1 times
  @mszara: 1 times
  @ProphetPX: 1 times
  @RoshelleFierro: 1 times
  @diabay: 1 times
  @mykalseaton: 1 times
alloldpeoplsuck mentions:
  @alloldpeoplsuck: 1 times
truegrit mentions:
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @Mamacita: 1 times
davidlingholm mentions:
  @tmhouston: 1 times
feeltheoffbeat mentions:
  @blondetwit: 1 times
  @clevertitania: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @jilevin: 1 times
  @kristenmchugh22: 1 times
  @mdburnes: 1 times
  @mossyrock: 1 times
  @nyee: 1 times
mdjst5 mentions:
  @xXHAZELXx: 1 times
barb_calabrese mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite@traveleverywher: 1 times
  @JoeTheProducer: 1 times
kendylleverton mentions:
  @fatwallet: 1 times
  @lpickles: 1 times
  @akunzel: 1 times
  @mkunzelman: 1 times
  @d0glesby: 1 times
  @kendylleverton: 1 times
  @rorticus: 1 times
  @timstorm: 1 times
nicholkola mentions:
  @thecheckoutgirl: 1 times
grish666 mentions:
joshmalina mentions:
  @Iheartcheney: 1 times
michaelfieldcom mentions:
  @TheVASydney: 1 times
vseanclark mentions:
  @theronconrey: 1 times
  @edsai: 1 times
  @VMDoug: 1 times
  @rbrambley: 1 times
  @darthvader: 1 times
  @hodgman: 1 times
  @AllianceTech: 1 times
  @Beaker: 1 times
  @WhiteBreastBrew: 1 times
  @TempletonRye: 1 times
scrapchick mentions:
  @willsasso: 1 times
amecoli mentions:
  @ceseco: 1 times
chriscade mentions:
  @marwilliamson: 1 times
uk_rene mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
ilovecpstyle mentions:
  @techtastic: 1 times
  @ilovecpstyle: 1 times
doverdowns mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
felixthea mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @foreignfamily: 1 times
stereogab mentions:
  @RadioBabe: 1 times
starcreations mentions:
  @StarCreations: 1 times
  @magickalmama: 1 times
  @EyeCandyMarsha: 1 times
  @ChrisHuff: 1 times
  @ClosetCreature: 1 times
yogastuff mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @PilatesGirlBB: 1 times
  @FitnessEditor: 1 times
  @MindfulMovement: 1 times
o_oxjen mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
chrisacoyne mentions:
  @Mickyboyc: 1 times
  @safclyndz: 1 times
  @bootooyoo: 1 times
  @macjasp: 1 times
  @sunderlandsmile: 1 times
  @g4shallow: 1 times
  @chrisacoyne: 1 times
  @tymoss: 1 times
  @tysiphonehelp: 1 times
mysportsrumors mentions:
  @gx5: 1 times
jaythepal mentions:
  @hjortur: 1 times
  @jaythepal: 1 times
  @kaythepal: 1 times
bossdupprod mentions:
  @BossdUpProd: 1 times
  @BeauZay: 1 times
  @walkychalky: 1 times
  @askaboutmebish: 1 times
  @drewdown4441: 1 times
  @Sonnybrooks: 1 times
  @mrtower: 1 times
  @Currency01: 1 times
cuarts mentions:
  @NY2NOfollowfriday: 1 times
  @TehranBureau: 1 times
  @ChangeforIran: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @livingcolour: 1 times
  @mediacollective: 1 times
  @philbildner: 1 times
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @CUArts: 1 times
s_wash mentions:
  @PROPHthePROBLEM: 1 times
dogsforthedeaf mentions:
  @HumaneSociety: 2 times
  @hsiglobal: 1 times
  @aspca: 1 times
  @WSPA: 1 times
  @bfas: 1 times
  @wwf: 1 times
  @nwf: 1 times
  @Defenders: 1 times
pamelapja mentions:
  @PamelaPJA: 1 times
  @heathcrush: 1 times
  @ColoSportsDesk: 1 times
  @Marguerite: 1 times
  @MyLobotomy: 1 times
  @idolfanaddict: 1 times
csmetro mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @biztools: 1 times
  @ChiefHotMomma: 1 times
  @BHartMarketing: 1 times
  @TempeArizona: 1 times
  @JerryRocco: 1 times
  @LynneLee: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @jglass8: 1 times
  @EileenMegan: 1 times
  @abc15: 1 times
tknopeasnt mentions:
  @EverywhereTrip: 1 times
drshagwell mentions:
  @hypnotized805: 1 times
  @caseycalifornia: 1 times
  @JayKeyzie808: 1 times
  @ManBeardPig: 1 times
  @jbueno: 1 times
  @Sampalm: 1 times
  @MrMacRoo: 1 times
  @DrShagwell: 1 times
lennarshowplace mentions:
  @zoezencreations: 1 times
  @twender: 1 times
  @teamgivana: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
pitheas mentions:
  @mrsfulmer2be: 1 times
at1mp mentions:
  @jbisbee: 1 times
domaintweeter mentions:
  @domainnamewire: 1 times
mariamfaquida mentions:
  @funnyordie: 1 times
  @TheRealBuzz: 1 times
lilivonshtupp mentions:
  @PCarew: 1 times
  @SmallInstrument: 1 times
  @RyanLascano: 1 times
dja_ron mentions:
  @DJWREX: 1 times
  @Store13: 1 times
  @djksly: 1 times
  @djayebert: 1 times
  @djjustyle: 1 times
  @djaron: 1 times
  @rhapvee: 1 times
glazedovertweet mentions:
  @sigmosaics: 1 times
  @Rivetedtweets: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @michaelmcdowell: 1 times
christina24054 mentions:
  @BFAS: 1 times
  @lovingpaws: 1 times
  @Kat5Rescue: 1 times
  @PetAirways: 1 times
  @ImTiredOf: 1 times
  @RescueAnimals: 1 times
  @BarkRadio: 1 times
writerdad mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
dullym mentions:
  @bettyflies: 1 times
  @djwhatt: 1 times
shanerhyne mentions:
  @LittleDebbie: 1 times
  @Nascar47: 1 times
fairyfindings mentions:
  @PirateWench: 1 times
jairekrobbins mentions:
  @Train4Success: 1 times
  @JairekRobbins: 1 times
heavyhitterinc mentions:
  @titolopez: 1 times
  @MetalRocks: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
  @DravenShoes: 1 times
  @JimmyADUSA: 1 times
maricampbell mentions:
  @DSupermanIcon: 1 times
  @britjanee: 1 times
  @ModelChiiq: 1 times
  @TreHolla: 1 times
  @MariCampbell: 1 times
  @nena1502: 1 times
  @ejustice09: 1 times
  @iBENNCOCKY: 1 times
  @iNikole: 1 times
  @nycgrl88: 1 times
jbiza52 mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @rejectedjokes: 1 times
wellwire mentions:
  @ericbeard: 1 times
  @WellWire: 1 times
  @ZEvenEsh: 1 times
  @algore: 1 times
  @shellisxena: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @bgptbob: 1 times
ryaninvancouver mentions:
  @hummingbird604: 1 times
  @CesarErva: 1 times
  @kevindaly: 1 times
  @sabrinamf: 1 times
  @rebeccacoleman: 1 times
  @vancouverfringe: 1 times
  @KeenanBlogger: 1 times
  @KatGillis: 1 times
  @djkeng: 1 times
iluvlola mentions:
  @djdeuce: 1 times
  @rebellyus: 1 times
  @marktone: 1 times
  @bdgiovanni: 1 times
  @iluvlola: 1 times
kazb711 mentions:
heysooz mentions:
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
bferdman mentions:
  @BlazonLaurels: 1 times
  @bferdman: 1 times
frugalista mentions:
  @AnastasiaNYC: 1 times
  @frugalista: 1 times
  @smashadv: 1 times
  @JillRaf: 1 times
  @OnFrozenBlog: 1 times
  @arjunbasu: 1 times
  @waltmossberg: 1 times
  @bfox11b: 1 times
fitasafada mentions:
  @blogdefoda: 1 times
  @Luasdemim: 1 times
  @masturborama: 1 times
  @pinkythekinky: 1 times
  @xplastic: 1 times
  @fitasafada: 1 times
  @elaeles: 1 times
  @avidasecreta: 1 times
  @sweetmartini: 1 times
ntoll mentions:
  @terrycojones: 1 times
maureenwahlberg mentions:
  @cheeki1: 1 times
  @mrsjoemac: 1 times
  @fullservice4uk: 1 times
maestromarlin mentions:
  @mzicandy: 2 times
  @SPMidniteMusic: 1 times
  @MaestroMarlin: 1 times
  @PrettyUgo: 1 times
  @around4areason: 1 times
  @designsbyashlei: 1 times
  @meccamusic: 1 times
  @Osaz: 1 times
chief_rezdogz mentions:
  @CrispyRezDogz: 2 times
  @BootsMontana: 1 times
  @4StaceyStar: 1 times
  @charlieblack: 1 times
  @djspoonz: 1 times
  @ChiefRezDogz: 1 times
  @sasultana: 1 times
  @te: 1 times
kardboardrobot mentions:
  @mattbunkdotcom: 1 times
  @jesterlind: 1 times
  @imaudihere: 1 times
  @makeyourownfun: 1 times
  @nateerickson: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @grantbenson: 1 times
  @chiokemcrae: 1 times
socialveritas mentions:
  @socialyell: 1 times
worldsimterra mentions:
china8978 mentions:
  @JohnnyHorror30: 1 times
  @china8978: 1 times
  @arrowinthehead: 1 times
  @horrortrailer: 1 times
  @eruditechick: 1 times
  @res3t: 1 times
  @zombieriot: 1 times
ryanr09 mentions:
  @jackStowe: 1 times
denvermovies4u mentions:
  @SonyPicturesFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
dominossthelens mentions:
  @stephwilliams: 1 times
  @timwaugh: 1 times
  @lescalvert: 1 times
  @erickmorillo: 1 times
  @sangellolive: 1 times
  @therealingrosso: 1 times
  @dominossthelens: 1 times
  @seansines: 1 times
standup4design mentions:
  @DCTH: 1 times
  @countzeero: 1 times
  @antonea: 1 times
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
  @svgrob: 1 times
  @chadengle: 1 times
kenan917 mentions:
  @ImTribute: 1 times
  @joolzp1: 1 times
uknowhowibe mentions:
  @Gno2Smoothnwavy: 1 times
  @uknowhowibe: 1 times
  @WillBSwaggin: 1 times
  @BruzaTheGeneral: 1 times
  @grand100kay: 1 times
  @MaxBiggavelli: 1 times
  @DoeMarley: 1 times
taylorphinney mentions:
  @jamesmiller007: 1 times
brspall mentions:
  @JasonManford: 1 times
  @danschawbel: 1 times
  @SteveOtway: 1 times
jasondiamond mentions:
  @schnittman: 1 times
  @Zadi: 1 times
  @AvidTechnology: 1 times
  @1timstreet: 1 times
  @alex4d: 1 times
  @quintessential: 1 times
  @LifeZero: 1 times
  @editblog: 1 times
  @comebackshane: 1 times
foodimages mentions:
  @jimdeli: 1 times
floors05 mentions:
  @DebHalonen: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
  @thehulkster: 1 times
  @Floors05: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
truskowski mentions:
  @jakekny: 1 times
debbiebarth mentions:
  @JeanieHollon: 1 times
  @conradodess: 1 times
  @AmericanWomann: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @DebbieBarth: 1 times
  @judybrowne: 1 times
ayemorena mentions:
  @Hanginwithstang: 2 times
  @bobbygbrown: 1 times
  @walidmrealtor: 1 times
  @GaylaC: 1 times
  @thelocogirl: 1 times
  @TammyBurnell: 1 times
  @MaryAnnGrote: 1 times
  @La: 1 times
hereisjames mentions:
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
  @HereIsJames: 1 times
julieklam mentions:
  @quinncy: 1 times
daytondragons mentions:
  @thenewsandco: 1 times
johanna242 mentions:
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @ASCjoellio: 1 times
  @dideep: 1 times
  @susuj: 1 times
  @Johanna242: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @MajaSmiling: 1 times
lamonteg mentions:
  @GoEncinitas: 1 times
  @LaMonteG: 1 times
mmorgantriangle mentions:
  @Bronto: 1 times
  @djwaldow: 1 times
launchite mentions:
  @natasha: 1 times
  @smallandround: 1 times
  @jonathan360: 1 times
  @keithburtis: 1 times
  @ecstewart: 1 times
  @steamcrow: 1 times
rebeccaelia mentions:
  @writergal85: 1 times
  @JenetDechary: 1 times
  @ICMovies: 1 times
  @rebeccaelia: 1 times
tomesimpson mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
mareiana mentions:
  @SkinsBrasil: 1 times
tweetcaroline mentions:
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
  @JasonDore: 1 times
dittiepe mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
joey_dias mentions:
  @NBA: 1 times
  @BlakeGriffin: 1 times
  @HasheemTheDream: 1 times
  @RickyRubio9: 1 times
  @BrandonJennings@TheRealTWill: 1 times
77dale mentions:
  @AngenetteWFRV: 1 times
  @MurrowNYC: 1 times
  @LouYoungNY: 1 times
  @SteveScottWCBS: 1 times
  @CinBadLI: 1 times
  @LISound: 1 times
  @wfrv5: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @TravelTweetie@tvorse@mariaheim: 1 times
jaybonesny mentions:
  @jaybonesny: 1 times
  @soulkontrolla: 1 times
  @youngfuture: 1 times
  @djtechnasty: 1 times
  @AMGStreetTeam: 1 times
  @latinprince: 1 times
  @Shonie1: 1 times
twink21 mentions:
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
  @MetalRocks: 1 times
  @punky07: 1 times
thatgirlblogs mentions:
  @thenagainphoto: 1 times
  @thatgirlblogs: 1 times
kellyanncollins mentions:
  @ekmccann: 1 times
  @TheInCrowdDC: 1 times
  @LombardiDC: 1 times
  @AndreaLeighDC: 1 times
  @LeahVanNess: 1 times
  @Zoe453: 1 times
  @KellyAnnCollins: 1 times
  @BlairDC: 1 times
crimson_ghost mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
meaghanclawsie mentions:
  @indpnt1: 1 times
  @mayajewell: 1 times
  @amirmotlagh: 1 times
  @angelobell: 1 times
  @MeaghanClawsie: 1 times
edu82 mentions:
  @jbock82: 1 times
brandonacox mentions:
  @ArkRazorbacks: 1 times
steve4america mentions:
  @twinelem: 1 times
  @southerncharm: 1 times
  @mrbloomingdale: 1 times
cltdining mentions:
  @ProvidenceCafe: 1 times
  @M5ModMed: 1 times
  @Customshop: 1 times
  @mertscharlotte: 1 times
  @BigDaddysCLT: 1 times
  @kilwinscharlott: 1 times
  @TheCounterQC: 1 times
  @AmeliesBakery: 1 times
katenasser mentions:
  @barbaran61: 1 times
agirlcalledm mentions:
  @Bri51NY: 1 times
  @ealvnv: 1 times
  @Butchboycnj: 1 times
  @agirlcalledm: 1 times
  @MkupTart: 1 times
  @pdxmatts: 1 times
  @Berryadict: 1 times
  @ganns1980: 1 times
  @butterfly2: 1 times
taosmesa mentions:
chrisgtaylor mentions:
  @smaknews: 1 times
  @gomar: 1 times
  @phoebechinn: 1 times
  @FUTUREposhspice: 1 times
  @webcammie: 1 times
dotmariusz mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @mimojito: 1 times
nsmith729 mentions:
  @kidcriminal: 1 times
  @BooyacaKel: 1 times
  @bjhenry: 1 times
  @childsplayx2: 1 times
  @mublogger: 1 times
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @redneckmommy: 1 times
  @herbadmother: 1 times
  @MyBottlesUp: 1 times
marjien mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @ctyler1420: 1 times
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @MarshallT: 1 times
mojowild mentions:
  @Tymethief: 1 times
madagoknee mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
longredcape mentions:
  @ashley54: 1 times
doulamama mentions:
  @taosmesa: 1 times
shahriar mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
peterrowlett mentions:
  @mathheadinc: 1 times
promisin mentions:
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @promisin: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @annq: 1 times
  @valenzetti: 2 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
  @divinewarrior: 1 times
  @PokerAuthority: 1 times
dayhova29 mentions:
  @JuiCeyMcCools: 1 times
  @DreeEllie: 1 times
  @JeffisChill: 1 times
  @Chinkyeyesz: 1 times
  @DayHova29: 1 times
  @MrTop8: 1 times
  @DelightfullyFly: 1 times
  @MsMariaG: 1 times
  @DaWiz: 1 times
lb2s mentions:
  @Mirriaam: 1 times
  @euractivfr: 1 times
  @MediapartRSS: 1 times
  @petitesphrases: 1 times
  @eurojunkie: 1 times
  @Isaoued: 1 times
  @quatremer: 1 times
youabu mentions:
  @BernNotice: 1 times
  @PoorPaul: 1 times
  @SirCraigFrank: 1 times
  @SeanMBeyer: 1 times
  @youabu: 1 times
  @brimdeforest: 1 times
  @SteveMancini: 1 times
  @algore: 1 times
  @PaulCamuso: 1 times
  @jamiefishback: 1 times
roxmwah mentions:
  @jcfraley: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
emountains mentions:
  @DalThu: 1 times
  @emountains: 1 times
  @littlevalleyny: 1 times
  @greenskunk: 1 times
  @jchronowski: 1 times
artsysfvibe mentions:
  @kimeya: 1 times
  @BADRACHRACH: 1 times
  @alextheestar: 1 times
  @juulzyy: 1 times
  @artsySFvibe: 1 times
  @YeLLLLow: 1 times
  @SydzBeautiful: 1 times
tsfranklin mentions:
  @adrianandsabine: 1 times
  @jamiecooper: 1 times
  @rizencreative: 1 times
  @brandmilitia: 1 times
  @daveredford: 1 times
  @schlanghole: 1 times
katcalbes mentions:
  @revegas: 1 times
capncarrot mentions:
  @GailSimone: 1 times
kevinrjacoby mentions:
  @menerso: 1 times
  @kevinrjacoby: 1 times
  @squarespace: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
  @threadless: 1 times
  @mmajunkie: 1 times
freebies4mom mentions:
  @CandleCat: 1 times
  @kimsmith: 1 times
  @instantnetflix: 1 times
  @DailyLit: 1 times
  @freeonlineradio: 1 times
  @MarleeMatlin: 1 times
  @FLWbooks: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
nhhotdad mentions:
  @chadbordes: 1 times
  @scarletmandyFollowFriday: 1 times
  @drnelk: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @swellyn: 1 times
  @Wiretapper: 1 times
toomuchtv37 mentions:
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @alexWTrugs: 1 times
scottkitchens mentions:
  @brettdennen: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
elaineewing mentions:
  @hollywoodphonyRT: 1 times
  @hollywoodphony: 1 times
rabbinachman mentions:
  @ronniejbiz: 1 times
  @thubten: 1 times
  @DetoursCoffee: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @rabbinachman: 1 times
gibsonplayer mentions:
  @EvitaE: 1 times
  @Atrusni: 1 times
missmadison mentions:
  @ninarosario: 1 times
  @n2nbroadway: 1 times
  @shreksteronline: 1 times
  @hairtribe: 1 times
abrandnewday mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
sarah_platts mentions:
  @charliepinto: 1 times
smartwomeninbiz mentions:
  @SpiritualShow: 1 times
jcrundwell mentions:
  @angelabuchman: 1 times
  @WISHForecast: 1 times
sophiezo mentions:
  @MVPSusi: 1 times
  @SophieZo: 1 times
insideoctagon mentions:
  @lvollmer: 1 times
  @MySportsDreams: 1 times
  @Bmount: 1 times
  @officialswick: 1 times
  @SHOsports: 1 times
  @MMAWeeklycom: 1 times
citizensnews mentions:
  @Carolcdt: 1 times
elizabrooks mentions:
  @ZestraRush: 1 times
  @RBScherlZestras: 1 times
ericamerica2009 mentions:
  @RockstrNinjaGrl: 1 times
  @MrsButterworths: 1 times
bailart mentions:
  @shallomj: 1 times
  @LynnSteven: 1 times
  @chewloca: 1 times
  @deirdreryan: 1 times
  @bailart: 1 times
vinitsharma mentions:
  @lcstranslations: 1 times
  @JimmyShake: 1 times
  @diemme: 1 times
  @VinitSharma: 1 times
  @theapplejuice: 1 times
  @mdestruction: 1 times
  @nucmont: 1 times
  @traveldudes: 1 times
  @karmacakedotca: 1 times
fotonovosti mentions:
  @atdigit: 2 times
  @ZhenO: 1 times
  @klethron: 1 times
darrennakao mentions:
  @GenePark: 1 times
  @HMSA365: 1 times
  @islandscene: 1 times
  @HealthPass: 1 times
  @akamailiving: 1 times
  @HMSANow: 1 times
sue_clearwater mentions:
  @SweetCharlotte: 1 times
  @PeterDevereaux: 1 times
  @SlipperyKlutz: 1 times
  @RebelVamp: 1 times
  @Shanih: 1 times
  @TastheRat: 1 times
  @KyleHanley: 1 times
  @DemetriTracker: 1 times
mr_lindowsmac mentions:
  @Culiacan: 1 times
franciscojsaez mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @PeterJThomas: 1 times
  @brightgreenpro: 1 times
  @ServiceSphere: 1 times
  @spwalker: 1 times
  @dwwright99: 1 times
techjaws mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
fbtr mentions:
  @KateMessner: 1 times
loathetheband mentions:
  @PureNaturalDiva: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @AdventureClubLA: 1 times
  @JaceSGalloway: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @ShamelessShamus: 1 times
  @Loathetheband: 1 times
ksuds1313 mentions:
  @LuvinMeSomeD: 1 times
  @GiulianaRancic: 1 times
  @DonnieWahlberg: 1 times
beelings mentions:
  @brokenbottleboy: 1 times
ultrarunnergirl mentions:
  @quotidianlight: 1 times
  @keeponrunning: 1 times
  @Quadrathon: 1 times
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @NoMeatAthlete: 1 times
  @cbcorbett: 1 times
  @kimba90: 1 times
  @sarahstanley: 1 times
sinncity mentions:
  @NBA: 1 times
  @BlakeGriffin: 1 times
  @HasheemTheDream: 1 times
  @RickyRubio9: 1 times
  @BrandonJennings@TheRealTWill: 1 times
staceyuk mentions:
  @mlewys: 1 times
  @Guinan: 1 times
skepticsean mentions:
  @seanhealy: 1 times
cindyrivard mentions:
  @Louis19: 1 times
  @etiennechabot: 1 times
  @cindyrivard: 1 times
  @annakarenine: 1 times
madisonlynn mentions:
trynafindmyway mentions:
  @ludajuice: 1 times
craveportland mentions:
  @PDXWeddings: 1 times
  @Blumebox: 1 times
  @VibrantTable: 1 times
  @craveportland: 1 times
  @JessicaAHill: 1 times
  @shieldsfilms: 1 times
  @HoneyPhoto: 1 times
  @champagneNW: 1 times
  @: 1 times
nashe mentions:
  @nAShE: 1 times
lencina mentions:
valleydoll mentions:
  @andazweho: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @rockandrollmama: 1 times
  @valleydoll: 1 times
  @mom101: 1 times
alexalovesyou mentions:
  @J14magazine: 1 times
alliecine mentions:
  @robgokeemusic: 1 times
designsnake mentions:
  @LBOI: 1 times
  @theclockworkbox: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @justplainpaul: 1 times
  @Krftd: 1 times
julielhoffmann mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
twyk mentions:
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @Zaibatsu: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @MayhemStudios: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @IamKhayyam: 1 times
  @Dudeman718: 1 times
  @WebAddict: 1 times
mobbstarmusik mentions:
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @MOBBSTARMUSIK: 1 times
  @theklassikz: 1 times
  @slimthugga@rappublicist: 1 times
  @YungBklyn: 1 times
  @YungStreetz: 1 times
carnydog mentions:
  @MikeAndMals: 1 times
  @DogHousePetArt: 1 times
  @Luhoo: 1 times
  @czajac: 1 times
  @BaltimoreGal: 1 times
  @ShannonGraham1: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @pitbullfan76: 1 times
  @Feigned: 1 times
  @WHITEROZEZ: 1 times
sherryhhunt mentions:
  @squidoonews: 1 times
  @squidcasts: 1 times
studiobpr mentions:
  @SassyStilettos: 1 times
  @fortitude1913: 1 times
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @deltavogue: 1 times
  @badst8139: 1 times
  @EdWorksAcademy: 1 times
  @vashtimckenzie: 1 times
  @too: 1 times
autonomy14 mentions:
  @silkytooth: 1 times
  @csick09: 1 times
  @okse: 1 times
  @chrischamcl: 1 times
  @raydawg13: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @thegrimweeder: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @virtuosoblogger: 1 times
  @xluckycatsx: 1 times
theemergency mentions:
  @kieranmurphy: 1 times
  @TheEmergency: 1 times
lunapads mentions:
  @ReusableBags: 1 times
  @Lunapads: 1 times
  @togoware: 1 times
  @skweet: 1 times
  @kleankanteen: 1 times
  @guyotdesigns: 1 times
  @Envirosax: 1 times
madonnadp mentions:
  @CiaoLaura: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @AKNickerson: 1 times
  @francenormandy: 1 times
  @plangarden: 1 times
  @Vecchiacasa: 1 times
suziebilek mentions:
stripper_thief mentions:
  @iheartAlly: 1 times
lacastilleja mentions:
  @JWILSOND: 1 times
tbrown mentions:
  @jchristophers: 1 times
gabysslave mentions:
  @philipjohn: 1 times
happynutrition mentions:
  @PopArtDiva: 1 times
  @happynutrition: 1 times
  @pamelaarcher: 1 times
  @Travelingbob: 1 times
davidguenthner mentions:
  @michellegreer: 1 times
amygeneadams mentions:
  @canditaylor68: 1 times
  @MrsRS: 1 times
carol_da mentions:
  @rightwingyp: 1 times
  @renaudandco: 1 times
  @abovemedia: 1 times
  @visitingangel: 1 times
  @graticle: 1 times
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
  @memachel: 1 times
  @CarolDA: 1 times
  @sgt50: 1 times
tim_hurson mentions:
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @: 1 times
prprof_mv mentions:
  @AEJMC: 2 times
  @aejmcPRD: 1 times
androcles mentions:
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @fattony69: 1 times
  @bonniestwit: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @ChrisRudd: 1 times
  @aquietmind: 1 times
  @RenAgain: 1 times
  @imtribute: 1 times
  @studiojfish: 1 times
  @Wael: 1 times
jennygirl7 mentions:
  @HollyCleary: 1 times
  @jennygirl7: 1 times
ebc_chet mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
blondediva11 mentions:
sg10001000 mentions:
  @gregadams: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @LadyImpactOhio: 1 times
  @AndyWendt: 1 times
  @SG10001000: 1 times
lorenita327 mentions:
  @michellecpa: 1 times
  @luckee13: 1 times
  @lorenita327: 1 times
  @HOTTVampChick: 1 times
  @macfeisty: 1 times
  @katewhinesalot: 1 times
jmarie823 mentions:
  @brnsuga79: 1 times
  @LadyLove88: 1 times
  @KINGDINGALING1: 1 times
  @blaqbutterfli: 1 times
  @FarashaFly: 1 times
  @xoNELLY: 1 times
  @MrSoPoetic: 1 times
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @ATLPeaches: 1 times
sourcelessons mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @naturcounselor: 1 times
  @OrmondYoga: 1 times
  @SourceLessons: 1 times
usstars mentions:
  @ClintonNews: 1 times
  @NotArlenSpecter: 1 times
wendytgibson mentions:
  @EdieFashion: 1 times
claudiaintouch mentions:
  @Ghae: 1 times
  @PrincessO: 1 times
  @JayVyolette: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
aejmc mentions:
  @aejmcPRD: 1 times
  @AEJMC: 1 times
the_real_navid mentions:
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
larissapalmieri mentions:
  @TheTempter: 1 times
  @larissapalmieri: 1 times
  @AlexWitchfinder: 1 times
  @rbarato: 1 times
  @MelroJohnn: 1 times
romidesigns mentions:
  @neoknits: 1 times
  @knittingnews: 1 times
  @jillianmoreno: 1 times
  @skamama: 1 times
  @buffalogold: 1 times
  @nathaniaapple: 1 times
brucebarone mentions:
  @AliceKrueser: 1 times
stevebraband mentions:
  @psamp: 15 times
klholsinger mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @1grog: 1 times
  @Stewpot: 1 times
  @klholsinger: 1 times
  @ReneeKY: 1 times
  @heidimorton: 1 times
anotherside mentions:
  @BillHurlbut: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @HEBHealthIns: 1 times
  @BestProductMall: 1 times
  @anotherside: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @sczepanski: 1 times
ninjapirateclif mentions:
  @maggit: 1 times
  @rubx: 1 times
mrphotographic mentions:
  @ChrisHFilms: 1 times
  @XtelleV: 1 times
  @Cranialstrain: 1 times
  @macjw2: 1 times
  @kidyosh: 1 times
  @maxamphoto: 1 times
  @gtvone: 1 times
vicki_xx mentions:
  @JasonManford: 1 times
  @bustyrockets: 1 times
  @shaz4life: 1 times
  @Malteasersrock: 1 times
  @Bevereleyknight: 1 times
jennicricket mentions:
  @krystyl: 1 times
  @khartline: 1 times
daniel_soares mentions:
  @sustentabilize: 1 times
buddhaqueen077 mentions:
dnr1979 mentions:
  @SunSentinel: 1 times
jillyo mentions:
  @musiccityace: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
  @danielaudet: 1 times
  @creativlive: 1 times
  @rundzy: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @perthtones: 1 times
debeades mentions:
  @BullsEyeDogResc: 1 times
  @ersle: 1 times
amyeldridgelwb mentions:
  @RiWrites: 1 times
  @TAZ31263: 1 times
  @ricklondon: 1 times
  @telastar: 1 times
  @roneydapony: 1 times
  @north100: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMaia: 1 times
lifeafterdenim mentions:
  @rlesebergFollowFriday: 1 times
  @alexparr: 1 times
  @lifeafterdenim: 1 times
  @megabright: 1 times
  @AngelWardriver: 1 times
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
  @quotesource: 1 times
b422 mentions:
  @ucana422: 1 times
  @Arandu: 1 times
  @dant2008: 1 times
  @Vertago1: 1 times
  @bigsamt: 1 times
  @Sunday28: 1 times
  @boyzo: 1 times
  @kemosite: 1 times
  @eston: 1 times
casinadirosa mentions:
  @monicacesarato: 1 times
andekelley mentions:
  @KaiStinchcombe: 1 times
iconlasik mentions:
  @aboslovesyou: 1 times
itselsa mentions:
  @TheECullen: 1 times
  @TheRenCullen: 1 times
  @TheJBlack: 1 times
jbal4 mentions:
  @BrandonFrame: 1 times
  @CoffiesCorner: 1 times
  @JBAL4: 1 times
xneqrita mentions:
  @bootynbrainz: 1 times
  @justSmoov: 1 times
  @xneqrita: 1 times
  @vlene85: 1 times
  @amoorejr: 1 times
  @itsbrendabitch: 1 times
  @FriscoBaller: 1 times
  @moceanu: 1 times
revaaron mentions:
houstondiva mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @HoustonDIVA: 1 times
  @PoshTash23: 1 times
  @PhillyGG: 1 times
  @mtstanford: 1 times
  @adriarichards: 1 times
  @SubZeroLA: 1 times
  @therealginge: 1 times
piperspickstv mentions:
  @DrDoofenshmirtz: 1 times
  @Shinmaryuu: 1 times
dorisjeanbrown mentions:
  @austinheap: 1 times
psykouk mentions:
  @RalphHardy: 1 times
  @psykouk: 1 times
  @chedaboi: 1 times
  @cheydee: 1 times
  @ppularstrnger: 1 times
  @takashiflash: 1 times
  @musicald: 1 times
  @nangcyp: 1 times
  @yourmum: 1 times
  @kins: 1 times
  @omic: 1 times
  @lanta: 1 times
thepriss mentions:
  @DeliciousSaving: 1 times
  @MtnDew: 1 times
  @IndyHumane: 1 times
  @mahaffy: 1 times
  @AlliWorthington: 1 times
  @subrbanoblivion: 1 times
maggie_f mentions:
  @kannataylor: 1 times
  @MaggieF: 1 times
  @In2SocialMedia: 1 times
  @Tojosan: 1 times
  @StephenNotSteve: 1 times
  @KellyFerrara: 1 times
  @TVGmediaguy: 1 times
  @mdunn: 1 times
shortcakemlt mentions:
lifecoachmaia mentions:
  @lovinglifelady: 1 times
  @TAZ31263: 1 times
  @SallyHuss@lovinglifelady: 1 times
  @stayingyoung@LondonLawFirm@MarielHemingway: 1 times
cmyates mentions:
  @joeworkman: 1 times
  @RealEstateXpert: 1 times
  @garytcoles: 1 times
  @CobrokeNation: 1 times
  @jrdorkin: 1 times
  @AndyKaufman: 1 times
dizzylizzy1 mentions:
  @greenpeaceusa: 1 times
  @mtnaction: 1 times
pghseolady mentions:
  @Noitworld: 1 times
  @exchangemyad: 1 times
  @almcsolutions: 1 times
  @GoMobileUk: 1 times
  @gmsuhaid: 1 times
earthawareness mentions:
  @stacykinney: 1 times
  @Mastocytosis: 1 times
  @richbassett: 1 times
  @KathyIreland: 1 times
retardedjamie mentions:
  @brooksbayne: 1 times
sol_fyre mentions:
  @evanslusher: 1 times
  @SU2C: 1 times
  @PanCan: 1 times
  @TWLOHA: 1 times
  @SurfriderHQ: 1 times
  @KeepABreast: 1 times
  @FriendsofWFP: 1 times
  @spcaLA: 1 times
  @peta2: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
ankhabar mentions:
  @mollenhauerguit: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @Mindjet: 1 times
  @CathParadis: 1 times
  @natehowe: 1 times
  @Mary4Music: 1 times
  @sassygirl4444: 1 times
  @MCHammer: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
care4horsescom mentions:
  @SouthernHorses: 1 times
  @AQHA: 1 times
  @ncwhm: 1 times
  @RIUhorses: 1 times
  @care4horsescom: 1 times
  @walkinghorse: 1 times
  @hoofthereporter: 1 times
cswint mentions:
  @Marvel: 1 times
melaniephung mentions:
  @Vingold: 1 times
leithvans mentions:
  @itshellogoodbye: 3 times
kobediemgear mentions:
  @TheSoapGoat: 1 times
  @beeswaxcandles: 1 times
  @KobeDiemGear: 1 times
  @BeverC: 1 times
  @CoachBilal: 1 times
  @sgsoap: 1 times
  @debbyab: 1 times
  @evermoresoap: 1 times
  @SCARSAlberta: 1 times
  @Meevil: 1 times
lanaithedj mentions:
  @ynoelani: 1 times
  @lanaithedj: 1 times
  @cathytanaka: 1 times
  @kcandtaka: 1 times
  @scrivener: 1 times
  @nctrnlbst: 1 times
gquaye mentions:
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @LeglessLush: 1 times
  @Sueissilly: 1 times
  @coreyskort: 1 times
  @KEEPINGITRIGHT: 1 times
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @MissJAW: 1 times
  @Dynamic2020: 1 times
  @gquaye: 1 times
  @luv4animation: 1 times
deboramiller mentions:
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
freeadvicesea mentions:
  @shannonevans: 1 times
  @milesaustin: 1 times
  @freeadviceSea: 1 times
  @BillWixey: 1 times
  @RebeccaReece: 1 times
  @tksellman: 1 times
  @islandboybob: 1 times
  @waWineNews: 1 times
  @jtmartin: 1 times
johntalleos mentions:
  @specwarcom: 1 times
  @coderepair: 1 times
  @ElDelicioso: 1 times
  @epicspecialties: 1 times
  @ithinkmedia: 1 times
  @kirsteno: 1 times
true mentions:
  @eve11: 1 times
masterslayer66 mentions:
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
  @HollytheHousewi: 1 times
  @daveroland: 1 times
britjspearsfan mentions:
  @Spotlightonme: 1 times
  @DCMAGurl: 1 times
  @themunny: 1 times
  @X17online: 1 times
  @Britneyspears: 1 times
helentaustin mentions:
  @glennlesanto: 1 times
  @jamessilverlake: 1 times
therossman mentions:
  @AliceGray: 1 times
  @George9Writer: 1 times
  @TheFatJew: 1 times
  @PlasticFuzz: 1 times
  @cameronchapman: 1 times
  @OwenEdward: 1 times
edgar mentions:
  @CamonZ: 1 times
terry40390 mentions:
  @TimNebergall: 1 times
matericia mentions:
livinglocurto mentions:
  @amandaoaks: 1 times
madisoncreek mentions:
  @maxwellvintage: 1 times
  @mojoatelier: 1 times
  @pixierosedesign: 1 times
  @2woofers: 1 times
  @ChristineVee: 1 times
  @cmpinky61: 1 times
  @ColoradoFoothil: 1 times
  @bayvendor: 1 times
sloanyxxx mentions:
  @Kirstypoos: 1 times
  @nicholalalalala@SarahNics@lesley007@Miowkitty@mfowmes: 1 times
dantanner mentions:
  @iamNiicky: 1 times
  @saarmst1: 1 times
  @DJFresh: 1 times
  @lhsilva: 1 times
  @don1one: 1 times
  @TropicsZ4: 1 times
  @kinggucci803: 1 times
  @dellakay: 1 times
  @francenormandy: 1 times
  @ImaNicePerson: 1 times
gimliglider mentions:
  @JimAlger: 1 times
mags_place mentions:
  @SamDescartes: 1 times
  @lynnali2: 1 times
  @lilacbutterfly: 1 times
  @TonyLetts: 1 times
  @peppermintpaddy: 1 times
  @Andyroo30: 1 times
  @ArsenalSarah: 1 times
lenoxknits mentions:
  @LMcreation: 1 times
  @tilemebeautiful: 1 times
  @CathyCarter: 1 times
  @msartist03: 1 times
landdesigns mentions:
  @Vectorworks: 1 times
paul_fernley mentions:
  @jgravelle: 1 times
  @davidreed: 1 times
  @markcrossley: 1 times
  @dcw: 1 times
  @danbunker: 1 times
  @simoncoway: 1 times
chrisgeidner mentions:
  @n8s8e: 1 times
allan1010 mentions:
  @ncfcog@allan1010: 1 times
ed_eusebio mentions:
  @ToscaVark: 1 times
  @EdEusebio: 1 times
  @foodandwater: 1 times
  @RobertMcCrea: 1 times
  @Paul: 1 times
mohit2690 mentions:
  @andekelley: 1 times
  @KaiStinchcombe: 1 times
vanguardfashion mentions:
  @VSGgirl: 1 times
  @stylishindc: 1 times
  @ILovePudding: 1 times
  @VanguardFashion: 1 times
  @VtgRoseClothing: 1 times
  @ARCHIVIA: 1 times
  @lolavintage: 1 times
  @ThrushVintage: 1 times
rolrolarolas mentions:
  @Monterrey: 1 times
  @rolrolarolas: 1 times
  @SalvadorJacinto: 1 times
  @jeanlodul: 1 times
channing_h mentions:
  @JosephRanseth: 1 times
alexaellis mentions:
  @MDIGROUP: 1 times
  @hrnetworkforum: 1 times
  @AlexaEllis: 1 times
  @therapyjobs: 1 times
  @brenthealy: 1 times
  @travelnursejob: 1 times
  @techlinkstom: 1 times
renewinghearts mentions:
  @allanwhite: 1 times
  @barakatinc: 1 times
  @nonprofitorgs: 1 times
  @principlepics: 1 times
  @renewinghearts: 1 times
the_tempter mentions:
  @anapads: 1 times
  @poalli: 1 times
chrisluvssixxam mentions:
  @jamesamichael@TheMrsNikkiSixx: 1 times
  @KatXRainb0ws: 1 times
  @Carylsixx: 1 times
  @Mistyconn: 1 times
  @jeweleryguru: 1 times
cortimiglia mentions:
  @FairyFloss89: 1 times
  @WebSurfer: 1 times
  @Morgana2008: 1 times
  @lcstranslations: 1 times
suckit_nerds mentions:
  @HeriCabral: 1 times
islamqa mentions:
  @andrewrwong: 1 times
aimeeeffii mentions:
  @gfalcone601: 1 times
  @junkfoodtees: 1 times
  @bourjois: 1 times
djdickman mentions:
  @kellycub: 1 times
  @blondebomber4: 1 times
  @SolariumTheBand: 1 times
  @papaginospizza: 1 times
b_kimbell mentions:
  @EnJOYPEACE: 1 times
deserve mentions:
  @MochaMom365: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @SerenitySpace: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @stixx68: 1 times
  @NycVixen: 1 times
  @thehrgoddess: 1 times
  @TraceyStevens: 1 times
  @CariLMurphy: 1 times
thisaac mentions:
  @kcvsf8: 1 times
  @LayerTennis: 1 times
  @coudal: 1 times
marketingveep mentions:
  @VisitPocahontas: 1 times
gregmattison mentions:
  @theadb: 1 times
  @RosevilleRockLn: 1 times
  @GregMattison: 1 times
  @RecruitingU: 1 times
  @NistaMusic: 1 times
  @lthawes: 1 times
  @effedup: 1 times
chiggerhill mentions:
  @: 1 times
2pennies mentions:
  @WizzKidd: 1 times
  @Marcusfitz1: 1 times
  @Lfitzgerald11: 1 times
  @DGenius: 1 times
  @SirChampagne: 1 times
  @2pennies: 1 times
shawnorourke mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @longhawl: 1 times
  @DrRose: 1 times
  @kevinsoberg: 1 times
  @CandiceJo: 1 times
  @BraveLad: 1 times
  @6dbl5321: 1 times
  @LilAlexWndrland: 1 times
  @vinatero: 1 times
  @ShawnORourke: 1 times
gdmtweet mentions:
  @Ecostrategy: 1 times
  @GreenSearchEngine: 1 times
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
  @GoingGreenTips: 1 times
  @HomeRecycler: 1 times
  @bgreen: 1 times
booskie419 mentions:
  @AntwainSherrod: 1 times
  @ShandaTV: 1 times
  @SHoRTyZBaKK: 1 times
  @YolandaMonique: 1 times
  @Arielzliltwit: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @Booskie419: 1 times
  @ManottiStreet: 1 times
  @heartsnall: 1 times
orlandocr mentions:
  @matriuzka: 1 times
  @mujemaravilla: 1 times
  @milesoto: 1 times
  @orlandocr: 1 times
  @zerohart: 1 times
  @jingle82: 1 times
  @latabladelcero: 1 times
  @djmakoy: 1 times
  @lunes: 1 times
willdonovan mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @luiserpa: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @newchristine: 1 times
  @SammiO: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
acreativeflo mentions:
  @acreativeflo: 1 times
prosserwinectry mentions:
  @winebeerWA: 1 times
  @Shona425: 1 times
  @WriteforWine: 1 times
  @bricksofwine: 1 times
  @winepeeps: 1 times
  @nwwineandre: 1 times
sick_boy mentions:
  @jhnmn: 1 times
jaxtonypiper mentions:
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
rayray14 mentions:
  @Noodlenews: 1 times
  @britincanada: 1 times
  @iphonegirl: 1 times
  @dzhu: 1 times
  @jeffreypriebe: 1 times
  @rayray14: 1 times
  @palanski: 1 times
  @eranevenkesef: 1 times
lizziebordello mentions:
  @cearaz0: 1 times
  @joanjett: 1 times
  @g1planbizarro: 1 times
aristocat123 mentions:
  @Budor: 1 times
fette_henne mentions:
  @wigansalazar: 1 times
  @kaihattendorf: 1 times
  @fettehenne: 1 times
  @karrierebibel: 1 times
kevinjenne mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ilobbyist mentions:
  @bobney: 1 times
craigmarkillie mentions:
  @RevAaron: 1 times
staceyjean mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @sknappy: 1 times
  @vhopnation: 1 times
  @paulwallbaby: 1 times
  @FirstDigg: 1 times
  @trvlinjon: 1 times
soleiriee mentions:
  @shesziLLA: 2 times
  @soleiriee: 1 times
  @xoxladii: 1 times
  @imaBADbxtch: 1 times
  @vintaqeGLAM: 1 times
kozluv mentions:
  @E60: 1 times
  @JimNorton: 1 times
  @Orbitcast: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @KFUCKINGP: 1 times
  @kozluv: 1 times
littlemsmodish mentions:
  @godshills: 1 times
thebookaddict mentions:
  @hydramstar: 1 times
  @birdhousebooks: 1 times
  @efortega: 1 times
  @bookbutterfly9: 1 times
  @bobbynashmore: 1 times
floatation mentions:
  @Josia: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 2 times
  @tourdeturtles: 1 times
  @petervizel: 2 times
  @elaszlo: 1 times
  @janieangus: 1 times
mrhyperpcs mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
  @byronrode: 1 times
  @MDCore: 1 times
  @silvakreuz: 1 times
  @naldzgraphics: 1 times
  @dreamtime: 1 times
  @pxls2prnt: 1 times
  @wpstudios: 1 times
inspiredsheila mentions:
  @inkspotter: 1 times
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
  @FrugalBookPromo: 1 times
  @uFreelance@PerrieMenoPudge: 1 times
  @drkisane: 1 times
  @toniandrews: 1 times
amyrangel mentions:
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
dana_wilson mentions:
  @jejily: 1 times
  @LaurieBluedorn: 1 times
  @MissionDesigns: 1 times
  @Principled: 1 times
  @Heartofwisdom: 1 times
  @kidzanddogs: 1 times
  @RachelMotte: 1 times
pen4hire mentions:
arctic_penguin mentions:
  @Propaganda2: 1 times
  @30secondstomars: 1 times
  @30stmthisiswar: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @cimarslover: 1 times
  @shannonleto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
andrea_desherb mentions:
  @bookpassion: 1 times
slamdunk71 mentions:
  @tigeladakawaii: 1 times
fyndaddi mentions:
  @FemmeFluff: 1 times
  @LESBIANATION: 1 times
  @ashnash: 1 times
  @FynDaddi: 1 times
  @MissLadyFemme: 1 times
  @PoetryIsBliss: 1 times
  @KHAOSDARAPPER: 1 times
mathildab mentions:
  @chicajones: 1 times
  @memelaroo: 1 times
  @dmcox: 1 times
  @madsoli: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @AmyHale: 1 times
  @blueholly: 1 times
  @litlestar23: 1 times
christinemv mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @irenerencsi: 1 times
  @christinemv: 1 times
thesomeex mentions:
  @StevenMatsumoto: 1 times
marzi2808 mentions:
  @Hollowbabes: 1 times
  @tezzer57: 1 times
c_joy mentions:
  @mommyof5kiddos: 1 times
cshrewsbury mentions:
  @MarathonMatters: 1 times
employmentproof mentions:
therecordhouse mentions:
  @StreetSymphony@theJacka: 1 times
  @TheLimousines: 1 times
  @therealeligh: 1 times
  @therealgrouch: 1 times
  @TheRealE40: 1 times
  @TheRecordHouse: 1 times
  @TheToniteShow: 1 times
agile2009 mentions:
  @DesireeSy: 1 times
  @agile2009: 1 times
savvytampa mentions:
  @tbotweetdeals: 1 times
  @tbtjuice: 1 times
  @Leonjd: 1 times
  @etckt: 1 times
tellman mentions:
  @dankuschell: 1 times
  @ryanpearson: 1 times
  @cmutrie: 1 times
  @alexmandossian: 1 times
  @jituppal: 1 times
munir mentions:
  @felipeAlvarado: 1 times
azuleter mentions:
elefantastico mentions:
  @Ginevravampire: 1 times
the_klondikebar mentions:
  @ThomasJKelly: 1 times
  @ZydrateAddict13: 1 times
  @rickfromsa: 1 times
  @throwboy: 1 times
ltbrown mentions:
  @CocosButter: 1 times
  @feemccloud: 1 times
  @LTBROWN: 1 times
juliarygaard mentions:
  @stephenkruiser: 2 times
  @iamasarahpalin: 1 times
the_police1 mentions:
  @Smeghead52: 1 times
  @SupermanAlf: 1 times
  @anoncel: 1 times
parvumpaxcis mentions:
  @APStylebook: 1 times
markhundley mentions:
  @JCannata: 1 times
  @happyguy64: 1 times
applenerd mentions:
  @Bayliss: 1 times
jeterbugg mentions:
  @PisaPR: 1 times
  @CineVegas: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
  @LasVegasSign: 1 times
  @ChetBuchanan: 1 times
  @PalazzoLasVegas: 1 times
  @VenetianVegas: 1 times
rotaryace mentions:
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @LRONASA: 1 times
  @LCROSSNASA: 1 times
  @websoup: 1 times
  @jtjdt: 1 times
vaughano mentions:
  @bgtheory: 2 times
  @digitalalex: 1 times
  @clickequations: 1 times
  @avinashkaushik: 1 times
  @seangolliher: 1 times
  @lorenbak: 1 times
ammidon mentions:
  @anthonywright: 1 times
  @robharrigan: 1 times
  @oBaby0Gurlo: 1 times
  @Ammidon: 1 times
  @laurabergerol: 1 times
seductivequeenb mentions:
  @GMThree: 2 times
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @MaestroMarlin: 1 times
  @tweetfollow8: 1 times
  @AmiaDrew: 1 times
  @SeductiveQueenB: 1 times
  @KNichole25: 1 times
  @ABCPublicity: 1 times
connorjack mentions:
  @SimsExchange: 1 times
  @Sims3Nieuws: 1 times
  @pixiesongs: 1 times
  @EAMobile: 1 times
  @MySims: 1 times
  @simprograms: 1 times
  @CalvinandPaulC: 1 times
lamblock mentions:
  @Kohmahts: 1 times
  @mahaffy: 1 times
timecake mentions:
  @baneen: 1 times
  @chadlindberg: 1 times
  @jumblejim: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @amygumenick: 1 times
  @GrooveGoddess: 1 times
  @AlonaTal: 1 times
kikelgeek mentions:
  @bolteninc: 1 times
  @cvillalpando: 1 times
  @stuht: 1 times
  @MIA: 1 times
  @Premios20Blogs: 1 times
  @roalcocer: 1 times
  @TreceVeinte: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @elgabo: 1 times
michbennett mentions:
  @DarnRepublican: 1 times
  @michbennett: 1 times
dirtroadsouth mentions:
  @SheRidesTheLion: 1 times
  @blsamson: 1 times
  @lizzibooetsy: 1 times
letiitaa mentions:
  @elefantastico: 1 times
vegastweets mentions:
  @MyVegasScene: 1 times
  @LOADEDLA: 1 times
brianstorey mentions:
  @Tinkabellastar: 1 times
freemp3beats mentions:
  @UncleRUSH: 1 times
  @allhiphopcom: 1 times
  @RevRunWisdom: 1 times
  @MCHammer: 1 times
  @MTV: 1 times
  @KevinLiles1: 1 times
  @calicasino: 1 times
  @dbaflip: 1 times
brunty mentions:
  @madisonlynn: 1 times
philgerb mentions:
  @RobertJames1: 1 times
heatherhal mentions:
  @FormerChefBlog: 1 times
  @zoebakes: 1 times
  @VivianBoroff: 1 times
  @BakerTiffany: 1 times
  @TwoPeasandPod: 1 times
  @HeatherHAL: 1 times
jaqstone mentions:
  @joanneott: 1 times
alexanderpas mentions:
  @phpwtf: 1 times
  @chx1975: 1 times
peopleshark mentions:
  @tweetupseattle: 1 times
  @harrislacewell: 1 times
  @socalgirl: 1 times
  @bobcorlett: 1 times
  @bluemoonburgers: 1 times
  @twittgoddess: 1 times
kold_news13 mentions:
  @Naecroknight: 1 times
  @RanchoMilagro: 1 times
  @tedgrafx: 1 times
  @mayorwalkup: 1 times
  @tjdgafplz: 1 times
  @fivestarprodj: 1 times
  @paulmcccord: 1 times
  @marzita78: 1 times
  @xliljoex: 1 times
choclatectydiva mentions:
  @nicholaaaas: 1 times
robertkirkman mentions:
  @imagecomics: 1 times
  @RobertKirkman: 1 times
  @corenthal: 1 times
  @fetorpse: 1 times
realtyarlington mentions:
  @lagrapevine: 1 times
  @RealtyArlington: 1 times
  @DTRichgirl: 1 times
  @cedricpeterson: 1 times
  @evansmediagroup: 1 times
eatingoutloud mentions:
  @shesinthekitche: 1 times
  @PinchMySalt: 1 times
geraldtookes mentions:
  @LaLaLives: 1 times
  @nmitch: 1 times
  @douglaspaul: 1 times
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
kdstonehill mentions:
  @RaisingLuna: 1 times
  @JanaKris: 1 times
  @northernsweetie: 1 times
  @kdstonehill: 1 times
  @yankeelin: 1 times
john_di_lemme mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @JohnDiLemme: 1 times
  @davidfrey: 1 times
  @AdamUrbansky: 1 times
  @bigideaguy: 1 times
  @5FtHighMktgGuy: 1 times
jerryeyler mentions:
  @hybridmom: 1 times
  @integratedmom: 1 times
  @5minutesformom: 1 times
  @YourOnRamp: 1 times
borgellaj mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @ElMonte: 1 times
  @CoffeeGeek: 1 times
  @borgellaj: 1 times
  @c: 1 times
mindymvp mentions:
  @IE: 1 times
lushbaby mentions:
  @GuitarDragon: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
chloe_on_twit mentions:
  @SaraJones29followfriday: 1 times
  @CynthiaBuroughs: 1 times
  @tiffanyleigh: 1 times
  @chloeontwit: 1 times
  @jennyford: 1 times
  @roseblossoms00: 1 times
rsouth1 mentions:
  @grantbenson: 2 times
  @yourbassist: 1 times
  @caylorb: 1 times
  @KardboardRobot: 1 times
  @rsouth1: 1 times
  @PBcast: 1 times
pocketedwardsev mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 2 times
_istone_ mentions:
rfendelman mentions:
  @JMarieDirect: 1 times
  @therealedwin: 1 times
  @alexdc: 1 times
wm_doc mentions:
  @Hakicoma: 1 times
  @HealingWithin: 1 times
  @richmonddotcom: 1 times
  @moonlitPress: 1 times
  @sngtwt: 1 times
  @SoraRyu: 1 times
  @MarshallEvans: 1 times
  @janec243: 1 times
  @TimRowlands: 1 times
mrjackf mentions:
  @netdockets: 1 times
  @magooshteam: 1 times
  @embeemobile: 1 times
  @mojamix: 1 times
suendercafe mentions:
ilovemytroops mentions:
  @aCitizenSoldier: 1 times
surfingmonk mentions:
  @angrydrunk: 1 times
dennismurray mentions:
  @ChrisRGross: 1 times
  @cophotog: 1 times
  @DennisMurray: 1 times
  @MattSuess: 1 times
  @JohnMilleker: 1 times
omfg_followme mentions:
  @wearetheyband: 1 times
urbansouth mentions:
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @urbansouth: 1 times
  @napps126: 1 times
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
  @startoftheline: 1 times
  @Pyramidwest: 1 times
  @CombatJack: 1 times
  @Marvel: 1 times
rickbischoff mentions:
  @mysticle: 1 times
  @healthyfreedom: 1 times
  @DragonsLight: 1 times
562citylife mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @nolies4me: 1 times
  @ChrisJakob: 1 times
  @pmcginnis: 1 times
  @562citylife: 1 times
  @johnprew: 1 times
littletonstudio mentions:
  @krystyna81: 1 times
  @dailypainter: 1 times
jeffhurt mentions:
  @sklososky: 1 times
queenmarypat mentions:
  @SandraMartini: 1 times
  @queenmarypat: 1 times
  @natashaallrich: 1 times
  @rickbutts: 1 times
  @melissamccreery: 1 times
  @helengraves: 1 times
  @janebutton: 1 times
chrislimon mentions:
  @officialTila: 1 times
bullseyedogresc mentions:
  @ersle: 1 times
  @KODogfighting: 1 times
youmzz mentions:
  @mockingbird: 1 times
  @travellingwolf: 1 times
  @youmzz: 1 times
  @anRara: 1 times
  @nilsn: 1 times
  @germanstudent: 1 times
  @ankegroener: 1 times
  @skinnermike: 1 times
pauladrum mentions:
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
tri5tan mentions:
  @funkycaz: 1 times
foomandoonian mentions:
andreahh mentions:
  @fuggirls: 1 times
drayala mentions:
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
kimliebling mentions:
  @krclaypoolDivas: 1 times
  @kimliebling: 1 times
  @latarahamying: 1 times
  @kimsmith: 1 times
  @amomspeaks: 1 times
  @reginabaker: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @webtherapist: 1 times
keluttcu mentions:
  @valebrity: 1 times
  @livebachelortweet: 1 times
  @jlfagan77: 1 times
  @carsonjdaly: 1 times
  @bigbrotherleak: 1 times
  @gossipsource: 1 times
ecommercediva mentions:
  @calebscoville: 1 times
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @ArtisanalSoap: 1 times
  @TargetStars: 1 times
  @salesguru33: 1 times
jeff_grant mentions:
  @RealitySEO: 1 times
  @aaronwall: 1 times
  @bluehatseo: 1 times
  @vanessafox: 1 times
  @audette: 1 times
  @seosmarty: 1 times
  @randfish: 1 times
justonemoregirl mentions:
  @caitlinbb: 1 times
  @whereistood: 1 times
  @kaysee860: 1 times
  @kisskiss29: 1 times
laurz_is_evil mentions:
  @B0RR3D: 1 times
kevinpsb mentions:
  @rcbonayatwork: 1 times
niknice mentions:
  @Seth1280: 1 times
  @niknice: 1 times
dahlhalla mentions:
  @soopertrev: 1 times
  @seventhlayer: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @Prohect: 1 times
  @SarahWW: 1 times
  @dsanson: 1 times
  @wahoocandyman: 1 times
  @EvanPokroy: 1 times
  @MikeLaRoche: 1 times
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
helenadenley mentions:
  @Natural: 1 times
  @kimduess: 1 times
phillipsltd mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
nvisionpsychic mentions:
  @bohemiangeek: 1 times
bsimi mentions:
  @RSHotel: 1 times
  @chatpack: 1 times
  @Brett: 1 times
  @db: 1 times
jlipschultz mentions:
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
jessicamber mentions:
  @shelbybells: 1 times
  @graemederoux: 1 times
  @mikereinhart519: 1 times
  @gracefieldmusic: 1 times
  @blindwitness101: 1 times
  @FNTFband: 1 times
  @brittanyfox: 1 times
tjbuffoonery mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @TedMurphy: 1 times
  @Aschek: 1 times
threedot mentions:
  @Lotay: 1 times
betterbootcamp mentions:
  @P2conditioning: 1 times
  @FitnessMagazine: 1 times
  @betterbootcamp: 1 times
  @craigballantyne: 1 times
  @JohnHenryBikes: 1 times
bridgeeeeeeeeee mentions:
  @BaconMan21: 1 times
dearnicholas mentions:
  @perrybelcher: 1 times
  @authoritytv: 1 times
  @jonathanbudd: 1 times
  @meettweeps: 1 times
  @timerway: 1 times
  @katiefreiling: 1 times
richrosdal mentions:
  @FollowMeRnBE: 1 times
  @tattyted831: 1 times
  @DJBigApple: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @4idiots: 1 times
  @Dropsofreign: 1 times
  @linkibol: 1 times
  @Loves2Twit: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
allierosenberg mentions:
  @AWLeach: 1 times
  @cbarkhorn: 1 times
  @darylles: 1 times
  @brockpisciotta: 1 times
  @brianpdoyle: 1 times
  @tenleywilson: 1 times
  @danrosenberg: 1 times
  @lehotskytweeted: 1 times
roald mentions:
  @TrendyTwinShop: 1 times
  @theangela: 1 times
  @parentsmagazine: 1 times
  @metroplexbaby: 1 times
  @cookiemagazine: 1 times
i_joyce mentions:
  @rotca1: 6 times
jgmaty99 mentions:
  @keemgreene: 1 times
msrib mentions:
  @savvybride: 1 times
andrew_jarvis mentions:
  @zdarsky: 1 times
john95959 mentions:
  @KVMR: 1 times
  @Yubanet: 1 times
  @TheUnion: 1 times
analuisav mentions:
  @sookiebontemps: 1 times
  @MerlottesBar: 1 times
  @trueblooddallas: 1 times
mesmcdonald mentions:
rideonstl mentions:
  @rentedmule: 1 times
michellecornell mentions:
  @AnoopDoggDesai: 1 times
  @GoCheeksGo: 1 times
ianibbo mentions:
  @yorkhannah: 1 times
  @richardrixham: 1 times
  @jostirk: 1 times
  @davbo: 1 times
  @balaaG: 1 times
  @joechacko: 1 times
irkostudiobeat mentions:
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @freshjeremy: 1 times
  @bahamamama1: 1 times
  @keepingitright: 1 times
  @irkostudiobeat: 1 times
  @losheriow: 1 times
wcchick mentions:
  @Boiarski: 1 times
  @brianrimel: 1 times
  @plxtransformer: 1 times
  @WritingSpirit: 1 times
  @thecalvenigroup: 1 times
mzdom mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @GoldenPen: 1 times
  @amp451: 1 times
  @trbproperties: 1 times
  @Lexdiamond: 1 times
  @MzDom: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @JBlazemusic: 1 times
  @: 1 times
rickwolff mentions:
  @impactSP2walden: 1 times
suburbis mentions:
  @MerylORourke: 1 times
mbranesf mentions:
  @ddtannenbaum: 1 times
floorsflorida mentions:
  @flooracle: 1 times
  @WoodFloors: 1 times
  @Woodfloorpro: 1 times
  @ShawTalent: 1 times
  @corkflooring: 1 times
  @FloorLeaders: 1 times
  @floorsflorida: 1 times
  @FlooringGAL: 1 times
thedingle mentions:
  @gcgreg: 1 times
  @DaveMyers1: 1 times
  @TheDingle: 1 times
iamdavidmarsh mentions:
  @TheKyleWest: 1 times
  @iamdavidmarsh: 1 times
tina5b5 mentions:
  @LiveforFilms: 1 times
  @keries: 1 times
  @nelly061: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @tahn66: 1 times
  @Mrscain1: 1 times
  @SupermanSequel: 1 times
jeremywick mentions:
  @flapjackmorty: 1 times
  @joelkatte: 1 times
  @AdamMcCalvy: 1 times
  @BrewersNow: 1 times
  @chelseytay: 1 times
  @trenni: 1 times
lsuaaron mentions:
  @semipenguin: 1 times
schnik mentions:
  @ParkersWaffles: 1 times
  @getsconed: 1 times
  @newdeal: 1 times
  @schnik: 1 times
emmysmith mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
achixanthem mentions:
  @lushaventura: 1 times
  @standardmiami: 1 times
  @goldeeeloxxx: 1 times
  @tivoismybf: 1 times
  @mizzq: 1 times
  @eston: 1 times
christinean mentions:
  @joshuaarnao: 1 times
  @curvycutie: 1 times
  @mikemontagna: 1 times
  @Bighit15: 1 times
  @christinean: 1 times
janetcranford mentions:
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
  @InterviewCoach: 1 times
  @megguiseppi: 1 times
joelfeder mentions:
  @jeffhurt: 1 times
  @jlipschultz: 1 times
  @AppleInvestor: 1 times
  @jaredroy: 1 times
  @purepulse64: 1 times
  @NADAguides: 1 times
  @lulugrimm: 1 times
  @AutoBird: 1 times
  @JasonDouglas: 1 times
  @DrivingMN: 1 times
janebutton mentions:
  @TheMetroMom: 1 times
  @tracygardner: 1 times
  @janebutton: 1 times
  @maryvandewiel: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
techpatriot mentions:
  @LynnRose: 1 times
  @CoachDaniela: 1 times
  @ada1276: 2 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @mandykil: 1 times
  @patspeaks: 1 times
  @tracygardner: 1 times
  @spaMandyNYC: 1 times
  @Hyacinths4: 1 times
frankokk mentions:
  @Wowzzy: 1 times
  @KarenOKK: 1 times
  @CPUHelp: 1 times
  @FrankOKK: 1 times
  @LiquidWeb: 1 times
  @IrishAttic: 1 times
  @RoommateWanted: 1 times
d1337 mentions:
  @ninib: 1 times
  @invoker: 1 times
  @d1337: 1 times
  @cmarzi84: 1 times
  @ktarpey1: 1 times
brittanyj mentions:
  @audryesessions: 1 times
  @davesmallen: 1 times
  @dizzyballoonHelp: 1 times
earthlad mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @galtheval: 1 times
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @earthlad: 1 times
  @bgiguy: 1 times
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
noblefreshenerg mentions:
  @PaulMalouf: 1 times
  @jisham: 1 times
  @solarfeeds: 1 times
  @davidhroberts: 1 times
  @TerracomChicago: 1 times
  @JoeTrippi: 1 times
  @kanter: 1 times
  @ClimateChangeUS: 1 times
spike_says mentions:
  @LucyWestie: 1 times
faithsonshyne mentions:
  @TwinHappyJen: 1 times
  @faithsonshyne: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @notsoperfect2: 1 times
  @susieqtpie: 1 times
  @joannaonthelake: 1 times
  @OutnumberedMama: 1 times
joeorgill mentions:
  @moniquedosreis: 1 times
  @SpcSquadRT: 1 times
  @MelodyInFlorida: 1 times
  @MsDi3verse: 1 times
  @PokerStacey: 1 times
  @puregoldfriends: 1 times
  @joeorgill: 1 times
  @normbond: 1 times
  @toddmintz: 1 times
davidmoyle mentions:
  @fstop23: 1 times
normbond mentions:
  @mackdigital: 1 times
  @brandmack: 1 times
  @kandybooks: 1 times
  @realmencook: 1 times
  @normbond: 1 times
  @namdchicago: 1 times
  @namdntl: 1 times
sallystrackbein mentions:
  @coachlynneb: 1 times
  @LauraLeeDesigns: 1 times
usswylie mentions:
  @anthonylojac: 1 times
bkgirlfriday mentions:
  @FLOW828: 1 times
  @typezero3: 1 times
  @PositiveRegime: 1 times
  @neilthetrainer: 1 times
  @DaLionofjudah: 1 times
  @HunterNJadezMom: 1 times
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @cubanchino: 1 times
wendybendy mentions:
  @jinxedream07: 1 times
goldchoiceuk mentions:
  @suziperry: 1 times
incubatorpdx mentions:
  @criticalbeing: 1 times
  @myrrhlarsen: 1 times
  @noyouyesme: 1 times
  @jestDCH: 1 times
  @somedaylounge: 1 times
jackieearle mentions:
  @electrophile19: 1 times
  @wbpictures: 1 times
  @WarnerBrosEnt: 1 times
  @MrMonkeyChops: 1 times
cosmedic mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
mrepicfail mentions:
  @eldipablo: 1 times
  @XceptN: 1 times
  @mrepicfail: 1 times
  @rsteenwyk: 1 times
teresathegg mentions:
  @DrWes: 1 times
  @EmbracingUp: 1 times
  @LilPecan: 1 times
  @hannahnicklin: 1 times
iamthewarehouse mentions:
  @Maestro: 1 times
  @: 1 times
mia mentions:
  @Mia322: 1 times
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @miachambers: 1 times
  @miamaria86: 1 times
  @MiaCavallo: 1 times
  @MiaTaylor: 1 times
  @Mia: 1 times
  @miad: 1 times
  @miasummers: 1 times
  @mistressmia: 1 times
adevenish mentions:
  @BlindPhotogs: 1 times
  @lodro: 1 times
  @oberazzi: 1 times
  @pandarazzi: 1 times
  @ceotty: 1 times
  @chrisgampat: 1 times
jimfbrown mentions:
  @cellmedic: 1 times
  @juliebanderas: 1 times
rainmusicgroup mentions:
  @RainRecording: 1 times
  @MidiLight: 1 times
  @WinkSound: 1 times
  @MusicRadar: 1 times
  @JustinMatley: 1 times
  @kevinrjacoby: 1 times
  @gearjunkies: 1 times
  @peterkirn: 1 times
  @CraigAnderton: 1 times
carouselbar mentions:
  @amberhavens: 1 times
  @chrisjohnston: 1 times
  @SBWorkforce: 1 times
  @Mixology: 1 times
  @hashtravel: 1 times
  @Pontchartrain: 1 times
  @LorinGaudin: 1 times
conservativa mentions:
  @Vanderleun: 1 times
  @TheAnchoress: 1 times
  @SissyWillis: 1 times
  @lileks: 1 times
arashikami mentions:
  @LifeSubtleTease: 1 times
estarla mentions:
  @vonbondies: 1 times
  @theviperroom: 1 times
  @berkorules: 1 times
  @n8thesk8: 1 times
justenluke mentions:
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @nytimeskristof: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @jimsciuttoabc: 1 times
joeyshepp mentions:
  @TheCitizen: 1 times
  @sustainableweb: 1 times
  @ckawa: 1 times
  @JoryDJ: 1 times
lojesa mentions:
  @Eduardopolis: 1 times
jfinley mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @BrianINC: 1 times
  @desertrat0073: 1 times
  @scm15010: 1 times
  @BrianWollet: 1 times
  @Noelzgal: 1 times
  @jsabella49: 1 times
  @Teresamerica: 1 times
  @liveanletdie: 1 times
blogging4jobs mentions:
  @jlanie: 1 times
  @seantsimpson: 1 times
  @lemonlife: 1 times
  @jobfoxemployer: 1 times
  @ettiquette101: 1 times
  @superagentsmith: 1 times
  @Giovanni: 1 times
  @jackandronkiss: 1 times
revbeej mentions:
  @scottwelch: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
junneee mentions:
  @AlexAllTimeLow: 1 times
  @TheRealRyanHiga: 1 times
  @natalietran: 1 times
  @soundlyawake: 1 times
  @jpmetz: 1 times
  @stilacosmetics: 1 times
uublog mentions:
  @FantasyFanHouse: 1 times
  @MikePera: 1 times
  @shayrod: 1 times
fautseledire mentions:
  @mynameisntjonas: 2 times
  @lenasays: 1 times
  @fautseledire: 1 times
  @chocomenta: 1 times
  @pornographique: 1 times
  @wagnerbeethoven: 1 times
voltjanstevens mentions:
  @FartSandwich: 1 times
  @VaginaDrum: 1 times
mrdl2u mentions:
  @MaheshKukrejaFollowFriday: 1 times
  @mrdl2u: 1 times
  @maynaseric: 1 times
  @featureBlend: 1 times
  @arnteriksen: 1 times
  @monikkinom: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
  @mcangeli: 1 times
  @Bran529: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @radar01: 1 times
cynthiayoung mentions:
  @journalingarts: 1 times
jdgonzales mentions:
  @jdgonzales: 1 times
x1news mentions:
  @ProducerMPV: 1 times
  @hashmarket: 1 times
hacksp mentions:
  @lini: 1 times
  @daniluxo: 1 times
  @claudyahelen: 1 times
sugarnspicepix mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @TracyRepchuk: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @Vodkastr8: 1 times
  @MissKemi: 1 times
  @peterdonald: 1 times
umbrotx mentions:
  @rjw8888: 1 times
  @jgmaty99: 1 times
  @UmbroTX: 1 times
  @mccmarianne: 1 times
  @SunnyBuns: 1 times
  @5windows: 1 times
  @GonzoGuyAustin: 1 times
rosesonthewind mentions:
  @SallyLeeCandlesfollowfriday: 1 times
  @LiamMurray: 1 times
  @DeborahVanHoose: 1 times
  @EcoOfficeGals: 1 times
  @betterworldproj: 1 times
  @candita: 1 times
  @rosesonthewind: 1 times
ulcma mentions:
  @IanDavidB: 1 times
rainyrhy mentions:
  @kyubic: 1 times
teh_chris mentions:
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @LRONASA: 1 times
  @LCROSSNASA: 1 times
  @websoup: 1 times
  @jtjdt: 1 times
arttilemosaics mentions:
  @jessembroiders: 1 times
pablo1304 mentions:
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
  @kyxpdx: 1 times
  @hecklewood: 1 times
  @tannergoods: 1 times
  @Supleme: 1 times
  @KRupp: 1 times
  @TheBOP: 1 times
  @Ndp: 1 times
theviperroom mentions:
  @estarla: 1 times
  @vonbondies: 1 times
  @theviperroom: 1 times
  @berkorules: 1 times
  @n8thesk8: 1 times
el_tatos mentions:
  @jorgeavilam: 1 times
  @imegzz: 1 times
stuckeydrs mentions:
  @KatyinIndy: 1 times
  @anitamoncrief: 1 times
cosmosreview mentions:
  @stellarflare: 1 times
  @cosmosreview: 1 times
  @sageothme: 1 times
  @disinfo: 1 times
  @CarrieArmitage: 1 times
  @TaviGreiner: 1 times
  @DensOnAir: 1 times
  @spacemodulator: 1 times
jamesraukete mentions:
  @JunePrissyDog: 2 times
  @Picassimal: 1 times
  @BullyStickGuy: 1 times
  @forkflyphoenix: 1 times
  @ilikedogsbook: 1 times
  @parrisreddog: 1 times
jeffw171 mentions:
  @mindpinball: 1 times
  @khudak11: 1 times
  @tmiweekly: 1 times
  @KateWheeler: 1 times
  @debdobson: 1 times
  @SpiroA: 1 times
  @TheLuxuryBrown: 1 times
noelzgal mentions:
  @cynthia2054: 1 times
  @Noelzgal: 1 times
  @crystalyn49: 1 times
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @karlrove: 1 times
  @johnrich: 1 times
  @VickyNissen: 1 times
  @tjholthaus: 1 times
  @hooyah10: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
urgurlzfav mentions:
  @link1993120: 1 times
  @Tatty: 1 times
  @kylepetty: 1 times
  @URgurlzFAV: 1 times
  @MelissaHotStar: 1 times
  @analoguepilot: 1 times
kareemjohnson mentions:
  @CandlesbyTasha: 1 times
  @DawnMarieLS: 1 times
  @TheBetterSexDoc: 1 times
  @mizrik: 1 times
  @PersonaAffairs: 1 times
  @KareemJohnson: 1 times
  @butterflymaven: 1 times
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @forces2: 1 times
chiaguevara mentions:
  @Daethian: 1 times
  @Ferrell76: 1 times
  @mstephen: 1 times
  @jesssquire: 1 times
  @tamolam: 1 times
  @webaddict: 1 times
  @ArtFireJohn: 1 times
  @savebabygorilla: 1 times
  @ChiaGuevara: 1 times
dormier801 mentions:
  @daynah: 1 times
  @Schwarzenegger: 1 times
  @ChrisCuomo: 1 times
diverseworks mentions:
  @gracerodriguez: 1 times
billyjackson mentions:
  @KarriannGraf: 1 times
  @peterstmartin: 1 times
  @NhatPham: 1 times
  @prsnltrvlmuse: 1 times
  @eldridge2m: 1 times
  @kickofftopic: 1 times
  @jackalert: 1 times
  @coachlaura: 1 times
gooddoglouie mentions:
  @gansettbeach: 1 times
lizzyethan mentions:
  @jodywatley: 1 times
  @NBA: 1 times
  @BlakeGriffin: 1 times
  @HasheemTheDream: 1 times
  @RickyRubio9: 1 times
  @BJennings3: 1 times
  @TheRealTWill: 1 times
jackmobb mentions:
  @ASamantha: 1 times
  @Ja3Mik3VCrack: 1 times
  @jackmobb: 1 times
  @chartreu: 1 times
  @nigeriangyrl: 1 times
  @eggvip: 1 times
  @sampatches: 1 times
  @djaaries: 1 times
  @wmeg: 1 times
  @beast86: 1 times
seblagg mentions:
  @KING5Seattle: 1 times
  @wsdot: 1 times
therealkimberly mentions:
  @Tuhtsqueen: 2 times
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @djcapone: 1 times
  @TheRealKimberly: 1 times
  @iprmktg: 1 times
  @HeatherPark: 1 times
  @djdnice: 1 times
justyn mentions:
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
unkamengifts mentions:
  @KimOrosco: 1 times
  @LarieBeck: 1 times
  @TPolley: 1 times
  @RandomScraps: 1 times
  @Ragnazidnar: 1 times
  @AnnieKints: 1 times
  @craftychick101: 1 times
  @studio618: 1 times
mattfagioli mentions:
  @respres: 1 times
  @therealclint: 1 times
  @acemaker: 1 times
  @rewebcoach: 1 times
  @MattFagioli: 1 times
  @mdsuburbs: 1 times
  @johnlauber: 1 times
  @DerekMassey: 1 times
marcys2cents mentions:
  @ClintonNews: 1 times
clinkenbeard mentions:
  @MRHYPERPCS: 1 times
shaniquagv mentions:
  @shaniquagv: 1 times
larryatoen mentions:
  @sregazzoni: 1 times
  @stevemorris: 1 times
snutizzle mentions:
  @FitHealthyHappy: 1 times
  @BBCoachKris: 1 times
  @KFulford: 1 times
animesnob mentions:
  @NuclearDesire: 1 times
  @vainya: 1 times
  @wormgear: 1 times
jameswedmore mentions:
  @BobTheTeacher: 1 times
  @jameswedmore: 1 times
lisibelle87 mentions:
  @AmberAusten: 1 times
ron_e_fresh mentions:
  @MsiCandiSexyIAM: 1 times
  @HOMJEANTRIX: 1 times
  @crcomrie: 1 times
  @IamCoolA: 1 times
  @Jabree: 1 times
  @tyraslilsis: 1 times
  @BrittBombShell: 1 times
  @MissPYT83: 1 times
  @ronefresh: 1 times
  @urba: 1 times
jashyn mentions:
  @sohood: 1 times
  @bkbrasco: 1 times
  @llcooljames: 1 times
  @diegocash: 1 times
  @cutiefrcali: 1 times
  @Remixx916: 1 times
  @THAREALYUKMOUTH: 1 times
  @blschichapter: 1 times
  @SomaMoja: 1 times
  @jashyn: 1 times
marcymurninghan mentions:
  @thecorplibrary: 1 times
alexanderpaul mentions:
  @DanielBoix: 1 times
  @Scottmonline: 1 times
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @thefuture00: 1 times
  @AlexanderPaul: 1 times
ladychellez mentions:
  @SpazTalkRadio: 1 times
  @spicenyc: 1 times
  @itseyeris: 1 times
  @ladychellez: 1 times
  @djrobdinero: 1 times
  @jasminesolano: 1 times
barakatinc mentions:
  @allanwhite: 1 times
  @barakatinc: 1 times
  @nonprofitorgs: 1 times
  @principlepics: 1 times
  @renewinghearts: 1 times
herbivorepr mentions:
  @troylsmith: 1 times
  @giantpandadub: 1 times
  @WaltherProd: 1 times
  @johnbrownsbody: 1 times
  @mixedvegnyc: 1 times
  @threeleggedfox: 1 times
  @2TuffDC: 1 times
  @thepierorg: 1 times
  @brooklynvegan: 1 times
syo_of_the_dead mentions:
  @Paganvixen: 1 times
  @joedubz: 1 times
  @Gothcupcake: 1 times
  @brandymorphine: 1 times
  @ryanmorphine: 1 times
  @bradradke: 1 times
vascocampilho mentions:
  @gorgul: 1 times
  @DianaMantra: 1 times
gamergirl21 mentions:
  @kpereira: 1 times
  @morganwebb: 1 times
  @adamsessler: 1 times
  @oliviamunn: 1 times
  @nerdist: 1 times
  @alisonhaislip: 1 times
  @blairherter: 1 times
  @theblairbutler: 1 times
  @thatchrisgore: 1 times
jeffsangeorge mentions:
  @panakospartners: 1 times
  @hashjoomla: 1 times
  @brianwilliams: 1 times
  @jeffSanGeorge: 1 times
  @exquisitecare: 1 times
  @socialmedia2day: 1 times
  @IlanaHerring: 1 times
agrandealface mentions:
  @DianaMantra: 1 times
rene_silva mentions:
  @julior: 1 times
  @mrduranch: 1 times
  @carakan: 1 times
  @ivanbor: 1 times
  @daniellagarcia: 1 times
  @alvarocker: 1 times
  @BeStMaker: 1 times
  @arquitecta: 1 times
picassimal mentions:
  @FindMyDogaDate: 1 times
freshmensalley mentions:
  @urbanbricks: 1 times
  @freshmensalley: 1 times
kieran_haughey mentions:
  @siobhanguthrie: 2 times
  @CreateIdeas: 1 times
  @livetorque: 1 times
  @theGreenJAR: 1 times
  @steveweber: 1 times
  @MindChillis@HemalRadia@Zindella: 1 times
melissamccreery mentions:
  @PaulaEder: 1 times
  @MYMOrganizing: 1 times
  @TerriZSoloCEO: 1 times
  @MelissaMcCreery: 1 times
srowl mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
raatz mentions:
  @shmerin: 1 times
  @buzzbunny: 1 times
pbanker1978 mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @Kparker3@Pbanker1978@CathyJBrown@SuzyLee: 1 times
dccapstriders mentions:
  @heathersRunning: 1 times
  @DCCapStriders: 1 times
jaysword mentions:
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @CmfcknW: 1 times
  @whu: 1 times
  @LyricalLala7: 1 times
  @atallblonde: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @jaysword: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @forbodyandmind: 1 times
jarrettmurgolo mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @iwasaround: 1 times
  @jaesdesign: 1 times
  @JanSimpson: 1 times
  @JarrettMurgolo: 1 times
  @jasonPollock: 1 times
brianpatrick86 mentions:
  @CreativeStu: 1 times
  @brianpatrick86: 1 times
  @MsJDK: 1 times
  @PhillyTax: 1 times
  @PlatinumReem: 1 times
  @11Locs: 1 times
eatmycereal mentions:
  @ChronofChaos: 1 times
  @MetalMark: 1 times
  @DomLawson: 1 times
  @RelapseRecords: 1 times
  @wbilliam66: 1 times
  @coldsubject: 1 times
  @eatmycereal: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
  @followthreaper: 1 times
ynotkissme mentions:
  @ThursdayGirl: 1 times
  @isweatbutter: 1 times
  @quinncy: 1 times
  @badhousewife: 1 times
  @badgermeetswrld: 1 times
  @whoorl: 1 times
  @teresadf: 1 times
  @thedomesticdiva: 1 times
melmilletics mentions:
  @hollypowell: 1 times
  @halomlmer: 1 times
  @beacher23: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @MeetYoLe: 1 times
  @melmilletics: 1 times
cabamaster mentions:
  @Stalin2012: 1 times
  @hrodriguezpr: 1 times
  @Cabamaster: 1 times
  @prismadigital: 1 times
  @DamianSixx: 1 times
  @vero323: 1 times
  @iam08: 1 times
  @morituri: 1 times
  @twilighterpr: 1 times
  @lucymfe: 1 times
earthbalance mentions:
  @gaiam: 1 times
  @ecolabelfund: 1 times
  @ecochic: 1 times
  @johnembrace: 1 times
  @milieunet: 1 times
  @earthbalance: 1 times
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
bernastar mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @scrosnoe: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @ezsoulja: 1 times
russelman mentions:
  @doublegeeez: 1 times
  @aygodav: 1 times
  @djcmc: 1 times
  @violetkainan: 1 times
  @nuttynewswire: 1 times
  @Tyrese4real: 1 times
  @dftvyp: 1 times
  @DerekHousman: 1 times
  @kinababy: 1 times
dinajames mentions:
  @LOSTSKELETON: 1 times
yolandarealtor mentions:
  @bc1001: 1 times
cosh2009 mentions:
  @Cosh2009: 1 times
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @HunterParrish: 1 times
  @cosh2009: 1 times
naky mentions:
  @Yiyo: 1 times
  @yta: 1 times
  @mehizosonreir: 1 times
  @inti: 1 times
  @kirakar: 1 times
  @DariuszDZW: 1 times
  @nerdysinperro: 1 times
  @martintwelve: 1 times
  @cotidiana: 1 times
  @elrui: 1 times
  @Igvir: 1 times
  @Kareta: 1 times
raveonstudio mentions:
  @thesundaybest: 1 times
iamtiff mentions:
  @DarianEdwards: 1 times
  @flytweets: 1 times
doodlewhale mentions:
  @lexa: 1 times
  @SingItAgainRod: 1 times
kingmars_worded mentions:
  @kaffiaJune: 1 times
persona_affairs mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @mission2be: 1 times
  @TSFMarketingPR: 1 times
  @KateNasser: 1 times
  @hellobeauty: 1 times
  @michaelgass: 1 times
  @WendiMooreAgncy: 1 times
workchic mentions:
  @CAREEREALISM: 1 times
  @coolworks: 1 times
  @jobsnow: 1 times
  @resumebear: 1 times
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @meleneebloom: 1 times
thedeepestent mentions:
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @cynthia123: 2 times
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @MsLoriJones: 1 times
  @djmaniacmagee: 1 times
  @thedeepestent: 1 times
hrkovar mentions:
  @coovents: 1 times
  @JesseNewhart: 1 times
  @unit101: 1 times
  @PoisedAllure@Dpeterson329@hrkovar@sin1022@true2lifemusic: 1 times
  @sowhatiff: 1 times
leslie_mills mentions:
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @LeslieMills: 1 times
  @ChefVanda: 1 times
teamsocial mentions:
  @ecointegrated: 1 times
  @Ecosaveology: 1 times
  @luckyearth: 1 times
  @LiveGreenNow: 1 times
  @theEcoDiva: 1 times
  @CyberRegs: 1 times
  @SorbTech: 1 times
  @EcoDiscoveries: 1 times
lizvengeance mentions:
  @iamjuice: 1 times
sedonadreammakr mentions:
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
  @sedonadreammakr: 1 times
  @CraigKausen: 1 times
  @SacredOm: 1 times
  @shekhinahshaman: 1 times
  @KrisTurtle: 1 times
  @SurrendrDorothy: 1 times
  @MonicaBenton: 1 times
diegogoes mentions:
  @cerveja: 1 times
  @amigos: 1 times
  @bar: 1 times
panasyncolten mentions:
  @SkyTheCat: 1 times
  @ThatStripeyCat: 1 times
  @PrinceFeline: 1 times
catmommy9 mentions:
  @BenSpark: 1 times
agileroxy mentions:
  @SophiaYin: 1 times
jennykaye mentions:
  @robsheridan: 1 times
  @demonbaby: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
  @trentvanegas: 1 times
  @bonniegrrl: 1 times
ripefigs mentions:
  @scotclans: 2 times
  @Nightwyrm: 1 times
  @EllenStafford: 1 times
  @stevyncolgan: 1 times
  @Gemmaboyle: 1 times
surf_and_turf mentions:
  @SwaggCertified: 1 times
codigoverde mentions:
  @Monterrey: 1 times
  @juanrios: 1 times
  @codigoverde: 1 times
  @arathvelazquez: 1 times
  @creperia: 1 times
  @eltatos: 1 times
  @blueliz: 1 times
rweiher mentions:
  @paulgiunta: 1 times
  @rtd13: 1 times
  @IlanBr: 1 times
  @ArielleKristina: 1 times
  @mikedao: 1 times
  @weewood: 1 times
  @rorymadstudios: 1 times
  @ljphoto: 1 times
  @MomShots: 1 times
  @XaosQueen: 1 times
  @pwcarey: 1 times
vardita mentions:
  @infozeus: 1 times
  @Mantalath: 1 times
  @Hardok: 1 times
  @MonikaMDQ: 1 times
  @soldeabril: 1 times
  @zommba: 1 times
  @CH405: 1 times
  @renateitor: 1 times
  @marceloalegre: 1 times
  @lpagano: 1 times
  @Termalgyn: 1 times
  @balder84: 1 times
hellomebags mentions:
debbiebremner mentions:
  @Getconfident: 1 times
  @NadiaMercelis: 1 times
  @znatrainer: 1 times
  @nlpman: 1 times
  @JuliaKline: 1 times
  @RyanAngelo: 1 times
  @debbiebremner: 1 times
zembot mentions:
  @thinktunkfollowfriday: 1 times
  @FoxyOxymoron: 1 times
  @amandapearl: 1 times
  @StoryofMyLife: 1 times
  @rtd13: 1 times
  @DruPhotoDesigns: 1 times
  @JanelleDoes: 1 times
  @Leahg1: 1 times
  @summerjoy: 1 times
nightwyrm mentions:
frankblackhal mentions:
  @RaiderDave: 1 times
juliannerowat mentions:
  @ckinney: 1 times
  @HA77: 1 times
  @Cindiq4U: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @EmilioKaram: 1 times
  @simonhamer: 1 times
  @DayeYun: 1 times
  @JMHorton93: 1 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @danapixie: 1 times
holidaymatinee mentions:
  @visualasylum: 1 times
  @downtownRob: 1 times
  @robbievitrano: 1 times
  @troymjohnson: 1 times
  @DRYSoda: 1 times
  @Typemicah: 1 times
  @ChadRea: 1 times
  @LayerTennis: 1 times
  @Melgordon: 1 times
musicislife45 mentions:
  @thescenic: 1 times
  @TGAband: 1 times
  @scenetrash: 1 times
  @runnerrunner: 1 times
  @eyealaska: 1 times
  @anarbor: 1 times
  @thecab: 1 times
  @nicksantino: 1 times
  @FOEtweets: 1 times
  @markygk: 1 times
  @TDRrecords: 1 times
therealnph mentions:
marleecyrus mentions:
  @xoxorosemary: 1 times
  @goosegoosie: 1 times
  @hericabral: 1 times
  @diggsaceofspades: 1 times
  @patriarchsclint: 1 times
  @alexvaluable: 1 times
dlbinclt mentions:
  @jennifersage: 1 times
  @bennyb007: 1 times
  @RealSkipBayless: 1 times
  @jemelehill: 1 times
gloson mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
sunshine_diva mentions:
  @melmilletics: 1 times
moneymarketer mentions:
kateluvs23 mentions:
  @AlyciaNichole: 1 times
  @lukearcher: 1 times
  @alycianmusic: 1 times
  @kateluvz23: 1 times
  @drnzyme: 1 times
  @msmaritorres: 1 times
  @shenekaadams: 1 times
  @ronallen: 1 times
  @poetiqbeetz: 1 times
  @Gift: 1 times
playbigcharts mentions:
ronbronson mentions:
  @seanpadilla: 1 times
  @fusionbox: 1 times
swalkingtree mentions:
  @KathyDV: 1 times
  @Lymelove: 1 times
  @Rainbowmagick: 1 times
  @Soulshaman: 1 times
  @Ptoral: 1 times
  @DeannaReynolds: 1 times
karlnova mentions:
kevin_curtis mentions:
  @TaraRogers: 1 times
  @tweethomes: 1 times
  @KevinCurtis: 1 times
  @BawldGuy: 1 times
  @derecshuler: 1 times
  @RealtyMan: 1 times
  @bradhanks: 1 times
  @JohnPayson: 1 times
  @JeffHebeler: 1 times
nycbartender mentions:
  @MrMixologist: 1 times
  @yourbartender: 1 times
  @cielogold: 1 times
  @missbarmanners: 1 times
  @paystyle: 1 times
  @R18thletter: 1 times
  @senorsangria: 1 times
  @halw: 1 times
  @Mixologist: 1 times
ifrs_exorcist mentions:
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @zelp64: 1 times
  @pianosalesmom: 1 times
  @hostadomainnow: 1 times
  @IFRSExorcist: 1 times
xmyangelx mentions:
  @HappySlip: 1 times
  @KevJumba: 1 times
gabriela2400 mentions:
  @mariaasr: 1 times
  @Azrael37: 1 times
vampireheart81 mentions:
  @HeartagramTeam: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @artofchaos: 1 times
  @BAMMARGERA: 1 times
  @moonfrye: 1 times
  @RealHughJackman: 1 times
  @Schwarzenegger: 1 times
  @souljaboytellem: 1 times
  @ev: 1 times
  @kroq: 1 times
rcbonayatwork mentions:
foldinglaundry mentions:
  @twitterpants: 1 times
  @babysteph: 1 times
  @anymommy: 1 times
  @swonderful: 1 times
  @charitymom: 1 times
  @momadvice: 1 times
  @lovelyshaw: 1 times
stefaniekaye mentions:
  @bradyqg: 1 times
  @millypowers: 1 times
  @theusstruman: 1 times
schackattack mentions:
  @resherpa: 1 times
everydaydrinker mentions:
  @intheblacklodge: 1 times
  @shelly: 1 times
  @Lfacemaker: 1 times
  @hellovino: 1 times
  @dereknolan: 1 times
  @HCTFRob: 1 times
  @Riazul: 1 times
  @cognac: 1 times
  @unomos: 1 times
  @thecabodiablo: 1 times
jasonminas mentions:
  @gailbott@SunnyJamiel: 1 times
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
  @debsoul: 1 times
  @gailbott: 1 times
  @BethBanning: 1 times
  @Inspire2Act: 1 times
  @WomenCan: 1 times
  @KimberScott: 1 times
  @TCOYou: 1 times
kevincottrell mentions:
  @JavaSTL: 1 times
  @rabeidoh: 1 times
  @naturalwoman: 1 times
  @Tojosan: 1 times
  @DixieDynamite: 1 times
lezmirandapow mentions:
  @POSHDASOCIALITE: 1 times
  @LezmirandaPOW: 1 times
ngageguy mentions:
  @popcornnroses: 1 times
  @PlatinumRoseL: 1 times
willbucks mentions:
  @wealthcoach: 1 times
  @FarmerPhoebe: 1 times
  @bizlady08: 1 times
  @Crislol: 1 times
  @jasonsecrest: 1 times
  @PeggyChamplin: 1 times
ryan_fox_radio mentions:
  @eonline: 1 times
  @thesoup: 1 times
  @theawfultruth: 1 times
  @marcmalkin: 1 times
  @kenbakernow: 1 times
wooooooood mentions:
  @fourzerotwo: 1 times
kimrmiller mentions:
  @judyrey: 1 times
  @: 1 times
txbirder mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @sophiasgalaxy: 1 times
  @birdingdude: 1 times
  @fareedwarrad: 1 times
  @MrNetty: 1 times
  @GermanGirltwit: 1 times
alameda_eagles mentions:
  @BrianSmith: 1 times
  @IgorSimanovski: 1 times
  @rollinstones: 1 times
  @tomziglar: 1 times
  @franny57: 1 times
  @ShellyFleming: 1 times
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
  @SophieZo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
foe_cal_dist_3 mentions:
  @BrianSmith: 1 times
  @IgorSimanovski: 1 times
  @rollinstones: 1 times
  @tomziglar: 1 times
  @franny57: 1 times
  @ShellyFleming: 1 times
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
  @SophieZo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
nitewraith mentions:
  @LJMoritz: 1 times
  @MelissaOnline: 1 times
  @JuliePerrine: 1 times
  @TechShali: 1 times
  @PoemVidz: 1 times
  @Jenniferbourn: 1 times
  @Deannasworld: 1 times
  @KrystianKolaczyk: 1 times
nitewraith_comm mentions:
  @BrianSmith: 1 times
  @IgorSimanovski: 1 times
  @rollinstones: 1 times
  @tomziglar: 1 times
  @franny57: 1 times
  @ShellyFleming: 1 times
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
  @SophieZo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
t_r_a_p_s mentions:
  @BrianSmith: 1 times
  @IgorSimanovski: 1 times
  @rollinstones: 1 times
  @tomziglar: 1 times
  @franny57: 1 times
  @ShellyFleming: 1 times
  @danielnguyen: 1 times
  @SophieZo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
suziecheel mentions:
  @annettepedersen: 1 times
  @suziecheel: 1 times
  @PassionParent: 1 times
  @rebeccamarina: 1 times
  @bridgetteb: 1 times
nefersif mentions:
  @amp4518: 1 times
emzi_lula_bags mentions:
  @TheScriptPromo: 1 times
  @thescript: 1 times
  @aolradio: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
  @theellenshow: 1 times
infelix mentions:
  @Lobo7922: 1 times
joannb118 mentions:
  @KimberWitch: 1 times
misscidnii mentions:
  @johna404: 1 times
  @CindyAshton: 1 times
  @misscidnii: 1 times
aeflatley mentions:
  @aemily: 1 times
  @bethtysdal: 1 times
  @aeflatley: 1 times
  @anibunny: 1 times
  @blushresponse: 1 times
  @wileypost1: 1 times
  @christopherKHQ: 1 times
  @spokanedave: 1 times
opheliaswebb mentions:
  @burnsy06: 2 times
  @sixtwosix: 1 times
robotchampion mentions:
  @hiltonanaheim: 1 times
  @tawnypress: 1 times
monyl mentions:
  @lojesa: 1 times
  @Eduardocelada: 1 times
hitech_trucker mentions:
  @askthetrucker: 1 times
armano mentions:
  @jeffhurt: 1 times
aydasays mentions:
  @iranupdates: 1 times
tolstoyscat mentions:
  @Satyagrahaji: 1 times
  @SpeaksBeliefs: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @tandmark: 1 times
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @LiberateLaura: 1 times
imeily mentions:
  @smashingmag: 1 times
cbrookins mentions:
  @thomaspendelton: 1 times
  @tinybuddha: 1 times
  @cobracommander: 1 times
kulinarykev mentions:
  @damygeebo: 2 times
  @kulinarykev: 1 times
thefamilycoach mentions:
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @cocosmalls: 1 times
  @SarahHorvat: 1 times
  @blogomomma: 1 times
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
ifindthebest mentions:
  @annthewriter: 1 times
  @sween: 1 times
patriciaaltner mentions:
  @paranormalspy: 1 times
anitaborg_org mentions:
  @digitalsista: 1 times
  @Silona: 1 times
  @anitaborgorg@WomenWhoTech: 1 times
  @koa: 1 times
  @fem2pt0: 1 times
  @HumanFolly: 1 times
  @csimard: 1 times
  @randomdeanna: 1 times
  @PoliGov: 1 times
lucamendes mentions:
charong mentions:
  @AlexanderChow: 1 times
  @Charong: 1 times
  @UncompletedWork: 1 times
heydavej mentions:
  @kpoedtke: 1 times
  @KellenGiuda: 1 times
  @TeaParty365: 1 times
  @colocelt: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @pomalom: 1 times
  @brandonlk: 1 times
  @DHSmostwanted: 1 times
  @bethanyshondark: 1 times
_haakon_ mentions:
  @ericpratum: 1 times
  @CatherineFranz: 1 times
  @Metroknow: 1 times
  @BellevueNews: 1 times
  @dtbellevue: 1 times
  @chuckboycejr: 1 times
  @DatabaseNinja: 1 times
  @jjprojects: 1 times
  @Debbas: 1 times
shanecultra mentions:
  @sampsaRT: 1 times
  @growwit: 1 times
  @betweenthelimes: 1 times
  @Shelley2: 1 times
  @WestonGreenMan: 1 times
  @jesterhillfarm: 1 times
  @ChickensRule: 1 times
  @patz313: 1 times
eric_stanze mentions:
  @fatallyyours: 1 times
  @FEARnet: 1 times
  @PrettyScary: 1 times
  @destroythebrain: 1 times
tim_woods mentions:
  @KatrinaKibben: 1 times
helderlib mentions:
mick_shrimpton mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
grantticus mentions:
  @adayoverdue: 2 times
  @grantticus: 1 times
  @peteduthie: 1 times
darkonix mentions:
  @musicmoon: 1 times
  @afonso3d: 1 times
  @jubakun: 1 times
  @Shoujofan: 1 times
danielabarcelo mentions:
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @danielabarcelo: 1 times
  @BizTogether: 1 times
  @panicattacknews: 1 times
  @1whirleddesign: 1 times
dubli_pro mentions:
  @mrpapaleo: 1 times
  @smiem: 1 times
startpoint mentions:
  @thefluffanutta: 1 times
  @LensOfTheDay: 1 times
annlightfoot mentions:
  @NKYjennifer: 1 times
  @jfonner: 1 times
nicolesandler mentions:
  @DoingTime: 1 times
  @RonReaganShow: 1 times
  @samseder: 1 times
  @marcmaron: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
maafa mentions:
  @Jew4palestine: 1 times
  @1D4TW: 1 times
  @MondoWeiss: 1 times
  @antoniaz: 1 times
  @HarryLyme: 1 times
  @Maafa: 1 times
  @MParent7777: 1 times
  @JerusalemBureau: 1 times
  @britesprite: 1 times
  @ibnezra: 1 times
nealschaffer mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
  @hashsocial: 1 times
  @lacouvee: 1 times
  @evanorden: 1 times
  @TenorSteve: 1 times
mitchellmckenna mentions:
  @calvinjien: 1 times
mikeachim mentions:
  @randomshelly: 1 times
  @krilana: 1 times
  @elephantjournal: 1 times
tiwwh mentions:
  @tdavid55: 1 times
  @metaldan: 1 times
  @gspn: 1 times
  @queenamy83: 1 times
  @spicedogs: 1 times
  @CMSawyer: 1 times
  @RonLevineVO: 1 times
  @RadioDaniel: 1 times
  @krichard2: 1 times
  @geekaren: 1 times
  @StefaanLesage: 1 times
idahodomestic mentions:
  @CarpetRX: 1 times
  @IdahoDomestic: 1 times
sohp_com mentions:
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @JeanineDeal: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @KrisMainieri: 1 times
  @AmericanWoman: 1 times
shopmollyd mentions:
  @houndstooth4: 1 times
  @: 1 times
perlorian mentions:
  @yellowdave: 1 times
  @chiatdaynight: 1 times
djsummitt mentions:
  @trench: 1 times
porturtle mentions:
  @McSalina: 1 times
  @cowflopnh: 1 times
  @govinnroch: 1 times
  @localtweeps: 1 times
  @mrtweet: 1 times
  @geocachingbot: 1 times
sagesofrpg mentions:
  @NewHeights: 1 times
portsmouthtweet mentions:
  @SagesOfRPG: 1 times
kungfucoach mentions:
  @MarkSmithart: 1 times
  @BrendaHilliard: 1 times
  @BarbaraFriedman: 1 times
  @shelms06: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @KungFuCoach: 1 times
  @ValarieKMunier: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
theaffiliateguy mentions:
hdsander mentions:
  @natwarner: 1 times
  @LeslieMills: 1 times
  @jamielynnnoon: 1 times
  @ReneeCassar: 1 times
  @kateearl: 1 times
  @butterflyb: 1 times
  @letmelikeit: 1 times
peacemakersinc mentions:
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @MamaBee4: 1 times
  @AoPucci: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @dietcentral: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
rmarcham mentions:
  @barbhogan: 1 times
  @createdbymom: 1 times
  @FabulousCheri: 1 times
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
  @brainbrew: 1 times
  @rmarcham: 1 times
musicbizkid mentions:
  @leboyfriend: 1 times
familyanatomy mentions:
  @recessdoctor: 1 times
catiejames mentions:
  @booksmugglers: 1 times
jordybug2jee mentions:
  @familyanatomy: 1 times
  @recessdoctor: 1 times
winecountrydog mentions:
  @whskr: 1 times
rekordjunkie mentions:
  @NancyIsMyHero: 1 times
vonirrwegen mentions:
texasmommy77 mentions:
  @MrsSalinas: 1 times
  @CarlaGEE: 1 times
  @marc1kim: 1 times
  @rosyblue: 1 times
  @tropicthunder: 1 times
  @tweenkle77: 1 times
  @texasmommy77: 1 times
  @MsMartinez2you: 1 times
  @wayway8: 1 times
kashiak mentions:
  @KitaSimone: 1 times
  @BossLadiToya: 1 times
  @ronallen: 1 times
  @therockstar76: 1 times
  @KashiaK: 1 times
  @MrMarx: 1 times
mdholla mentions:
  @DaboyNat: 1 times
  @djhitz: 1 times
  @MDHOLLA: 1 times
  @vickysecret: 1 times
  @JamHut: 1 times
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
  @djscream: 1 times
bobdejonge mentions:
sassygirl4170 mentions:
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @PennyPirate: 1 times
  @pennypirate: 1 times
thereallindalee mentions:
  @newportchurch: 1 times
  @pinkberryswirl: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @RedMango: 1 times
  @rzrachelzoe: 1 times
  @SURFERMagazine: 1 times
  @TheA21Campaign: 1 times
  @TheConeZone: 1 times
moneydetective mentions:
  @Lmiller01: 1 times
beccataylor mentions:
  @MiaD: 1 times
  @AngelaatHP: 1 times
  @cindystarks: 2 times
professorqb mentions:
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
jlapuma mentions:
  @Tourex: 1 times
  @jlapuma: 1 times
immortal_kiss mentions:
  @darkblue106: 1 times
  @ImmortalKiss: 1 times
  @WheatysGirl: 1 times
  @DeppBaleGirl: 1 times
  @fxp123: 1 times
  @easierJobhunt: 1 times
  @TwilightNewsMan: 1 times
  @eonline: 1 times
  @askaaronlee: 1 times
adriancpt1 mentions:
  @kehagiaras: 2 times
  @ideafit: 1 times
  @bigwinpdx: 1 times
  @trxfitness: 1 times
  @adriancpt1: 1 times
jenlynch mentions:
  @mksmither: 1 times
  @vollmerinterns: 1 times
  @lstout: 1 times
  @suckington: 1 times
  @elitetravelgal: 1 times
  @nunezPR: 1 times
  @jenlynch: 1 times
  @meredithlmckee: 1 times
  @nhldigest: 1 times
noticieroscom mentions:
  @chilangelina: 1 times
  @temoris: 1 times
lukascravo mentions:
  @clicio: 1 times
  @arimatheia: 1 times
  @davidcampbell: 1 times
  @edlambet: 1 times
  @hellenotto: 1 times
  @andrecaribe: 1 times
  @eslinie: 1 times
  @zullu: 1 times
  @everaldo: 1 times
  @galilas: 1 times
  @paintclub: 1 times
tuhtsqueen mentions:
  @TheRealKimberly: 2 times
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @djcapone: 1 times
  @Tuhtsqueen: 1 times
  @iprmktg: 1 times
  @HeatherPark: 1 times
  @djdnice: 1 times
amyrabinovitz mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @TerryUpton: 1 times
  @LAHeadlines: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @chrisgomez: 1 times
  @ModuleFitness: 1 times
contemplari mentions:
  @davidplexcoRT: 1 times
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @MarkIsMusing: 1 times
  @XtrEmRightOkDHS: 1 times
  @NinaAmir: 1 times
  @svrgnnation: 1 times
beckster94 mentions:
  @KimberScott: 1 times
  @beckster94@lameymacdonald: 1 times
  @RioSanAntonio@notbeige: 1 times
  @janblencoweart@MATT369@rleseberg@SDO@executive321: 1 times
felices mentions:
  @bak: 1 times
dsoltesz mentions:
ggw_bach mentions:
  @verwon: 1 times
camillemoriarty mentions:
  @Newsage: 1 times
rocknrollgeek mentions:
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @MichaelPilla: 1 times
  @MarkZabala: 1 times
angesbiz mentions:
  @AmyStark: 1 times
  @CBalling: 1 times
  @amystark: 1 times
xxneonxeyesxx mentions:
  @samcashcash: 1 times
  @CashCashBand: 1 times
trasherr mentions:
  @DVillarroel: 1 times
  @gufix: 1 times
  @Gufix: 1 times
  @Ryuberto: 1 times
littlenitttwitt mentions:
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @LittleNittTwitt: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
  @SimpleStencils: 1 times
  @DawnWLuv: 1 times
samkaufman mentions:
  @raymondpirouz: 1 times
mschechter mentions:
  @abarcelos: 1 times
tgates48 mentions:
  @itsmemarcus: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @marcusvillegos: 1 times
  @sleepyandhungry: 1 times
  @sellingtools: 1 times
  @7rex: 1 times
lurkey mentions:
  @verwon: 1 times
  @Lurkey: 1 times
amie210 mentions:
lifeondigg mentions:
  @cyguration: 1 times
  @diggboard: 1 times
  @jonnyactionpnts: 1 times
  @realmtnboy: 1 times
  @webtech: 1 times
  @jjvors: 1 times
twittychins mentions:
  @inSocialMedia: 1 times
  @KISSmetrics: 1 times
  @axigy: 1 times
  @VedanteFDN: 1 times
paulmalouf mentions:
  @ecotist: 1 times
  @sheagunther: 1 times
  @DerekMarkham: 1 times
  @daveburdick: 1 times
  @starfocus: 1 times
  @growthy: 1 times
  @msoeden: 1 times
  @TreeBankerII: 1 times
  @ZEROGreenhouse: 1 times
bandyalynna mentions:
  @bandyalynna: 1 times
  @jonconnelly: 1 times
  @BillyScallywag: 1 times
jenstoybox mentions:
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @tap29: 2 times
  @JensToyBox: 1 times
  @wahujen: 2 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @kountrintuitiv: 1 times
msreign mentions:
  @LadyProducHer: 1 times
  @followewonder: 1 times
  @MsReign: 1 times
  @PharoBCool: 1 times
  @NSpirit: 1 times
  @DigitalDoyle: 1 times
  @afrolicious: 1 times
thehousedog mentions:
  @cattlechaser: 1 times
  @wigglewagpotty: 1 times
  @milogirly: 1 times
  @gingerpuplane: 1 times
  @health4Uandpets: 1 times
  @loupeb: 1 times
  @gofetchgifts: 1 times
irunsny mentions:
  @msmia83: 2 times
  @SeductiveQueenB: 1 times
  @irunsny: 1 times
  @maestromarlin: 1 times
  @amiadrew: 1 times
  @sadon: 1 times
  @tommykreling: 1 times
  @queenboonisha: 1 times
  @jonlinen: 1 times
sohosouthwest mentions:
  @terimorris: 1 times
dg_ashley mentions:
  @HomeWorkshop: 1 times
  @FURFIN: 1 times
  @creativehome: 1 times
  @PamDesigns: 1 times
  @Gerrigee: 1 times
  @Saifra: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
beet09 mentions:
  @mimojito: 1 times
  @9swords: 1 times
  @vardenrhode: 1 times
  @saip106: 1 times
  @LouDesigns: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @saurabhshah: 1 times
  @hashajax: 1 times
  @pddesigns: 1 times
  @jasonenter: 1 times
kimberly__b mentions:
  @therealGlambert: 1 times
missindie mentions:
  @daniellemoser: 1 times
  @mandylikewhoa: 1 times
  @elsiecake: 1 times
  @vanessaroseee: 1 times
  @whitelightning: 1 times
  @jessjamesjake: 1 times
  @nickandnessies: 1 times
cardboard911 mentions:
  @S0nicbob: 1 times
  @azraeel: 1 times
  @DangerSteph: 1 times
  @Iwearsunglasses: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
  @TopGooner: 1 times
  @Wossy: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
shaunyhoyes mentions:
  @jimnnoke: 1 times
  @hannityhater: 1 times
  @Chloebeetle: 1 times
  @ShaunyHoyes: 1 times
kjtgp1 mentions:
  @threadless: 1 times
drireneblinston mentions:
  @paranormalspy: 1 times
tinafightsfire mentions:
  @GeneWasHere: 1 times
  @TinaFightsFire: 1 times
  @nemofightsfire: 1 times
ecoarchitect808 mentions:
  @nanachtoronto: 2 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
  @EcoArchitect808: 1 times
  @Buckpimpette77: 1 times
  @yannyannyann: 1 times
aphalloides mentions:
  @ShortiezRevenge: 1 times
dailyuprising mentions:
  @MaryRachBailey: 1 times
_djh mentions:
  @12for12k: 1 times
equinepractice mentions:
  @WalkingHorse: 1 times
  @acowboyswife: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @useventing: 1 times
  @cherylharless: 1 times
  @carolineputus: 1 times
  @horsecrazy: 1 times
kurt916 mentions:
  @firestarter916: 1 times
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
  @reporterhaley: 1 times
  @alisonruth: 1 times
  @kurt916: 1 times
  @espnxgames: 1 times
  @AriannyCeleste: 1 times
alisx123 mentions:
  @pablowapsi: 1 times
  @missmonstermel: 1 times
  @marcegaral: 1 times
  @Alisx123: 1 times
  @UrbanNativeGirl: 1 times
  @sherlockfreak: 1 times
coachkfromla mentions:
  @Web2Greg: 2 times
  @Jotebro: 2 times
  @crazycatkid: 1 times
  @elociors@HankRacette: 1 times
  @libertarianblog: 1 times
  @barogers: 1 times
  @SarahDownSouth: 1 times
joylia mentions:
  @EthanSuplee: 1 times
  @mattbertz: 1 times
  @localjerk: 1 times
  @gijeff: 1 times
  @GIAndyMc: 1 times
  @AndrewReiner: 1 times
  @eddieizzard: 1 times
  @gionline: 1 times
  @fragdolls: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
newoldmom mentions:
  @chiefhotmomma: 1 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @lydiafernandes: 1 times
  @newoldmom: 1 times
jherbert2 mentions:
  @bc42: 1 times
  @jerell: 1 times
  @thesnarkyone: 1 times
  @podcastdoors: 1 times
  @entitylakyu: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @JenOwen: 1 times
  @ShoeChick: 1 times
  @ladydru820: 1 times
jaynerio mentions:
  @jondecastro: 1 times
  @mikearellano: 1 times
  @kimbr: 1 times
  @ajxy: 1 times
  @meeshthesinger: 1 times
  @jaynerio: 1 times
  @krystlecruz: 1 times
  @bridgethermano: 1 times
  @erikadavid: 1 times
dave_patten mentions:
  @rockon365: 1 times
  @davepatten: 1 times
zelaar mentions:
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @arnteriksen: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
  @Scobleizer: 1 times
ubrand mentions:
  @CareerDesign: 1 times
akathbilsky mentions:
  @roffhouse: 1 times
  @jonfmerz: 1 times
  @JamesRollins: 1 times
  @DanaBrunetti: 1 times
  @historytweeter: 1 times
  @historybook: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
tyherriafate mentions:
  @omerob04: 1 times
  @tykeefateful: 1 times
  @pkstaples: 1 times
foxlondon mentions:
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
  @keeponrunning: 1 times
  @CareerU: 1 times
  @baldshag: 1 times
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
  @jobmom: 1 times
avallach mentions:
  @justinkdaviesfollowfriday: 1 times
  @chantified: 1 times
  @avallach: 1 times
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @katetribe: 1 times
  @davidlmorris: 1 times
  @roblear: 1 times
  @dhinchcliffe: 1 times
spfsocial mentions:
  @trapster: 1 times
  @ptenereillo: 1 times
  @luvstef: 1 times
  @r32931: 1 times
  @SPFsocial: 1 times
  @jbruin: 1 times
  @drbryson: 1 times
  @carlosbarros: 1 times
nico83 mentions:
  @GdohV: 1 times
realsaveliberty mentions:
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
marilyn_t mentions:
  @Mattdavelewis: 1 times
  @mrosenbaum711: 1 times
brightondoll mentions:
susanbeebe mentions:
  @MaryIrene: 1 times
  @susanbeebe: 1 times
  @eileen53: 1 times
  @shrutigoradia: 1 times
  @tostina: 1 times
  @ljc: 1 times
othersidemedia mentions:
  @TheZov: 1 times
  @harriskern: 1 times
  @boothism: 1 times
  @emergentculture: 1 times
  @misterdad: 1 times
  @othersidemedia: 1 times
  @yourcustomblog: 1 times
therealhybrid mentions:
  @kidzrevil: 1 times
  @djptrix: 2 times
  @dCsoulplusmind: 1 times
  @TheRealKream: 1 times
  @Therealseeon: 1 times
  @nyoil: 1 times
  @TheRealHybr: 1 times
midgiestarpants mentions:
  @DuncanNonuts: 1 times
  @clrumbaugh: 1 times
kellenrice mentions:
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @ProtesterHelp: 1 times
  @TEDChris: 1 times
nosbohk mentions:
harriskern mentions:
  @Othersidemedia: 1 times
  @TheZov: 1 times
  @harriskern: 1 times
  @boothism: 1 times
  @emergentculture: 1 times
  @misterdad: 1 times
  @yourcustomblog: 1 times
ekolee mentions:
  @mikedeleon: 1 times
  @MrKpop: 1 times
  @Merienne: 1 times
  @KPOP1: 1 times
  @gamergirrl: 1 times
  @secretplanet: 1 times
  @Music4urSoul: 1 times
  @Sheng07: 1 times
  @WilliamStar: 1 times
redballer76 mentions:
  @alexmaxbir: 1 times
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
binarybball mentions:
  @Rapsfan: 1 times
  @AEM: 1 times
truckerdesiree mentions:
  @taDtaP: 1 times
  @Habanos45: 1 times
  @TruckersNews: 1 times
  @Zether: 1 times
  @LupieAyah: 1 times
  @SlugtheTruckie: 1 times
  @Dreamon51: 1 times
  @MissMotorMouth: 1 times
mbresnahan mentions:
  @maniactive: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
sulanejameson mentions:
  @SexyWorkingMom: 2 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @fernandoescobar: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @sulanejameson: 1 times
  @CzarinaCleo: 1 times
  @Ranieka: 1 times
archrlatina mentions:
  @ArleneTaveroff: 1 times
  @archrlatina: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @MarthaGiffen: 1 times
  @smallbizlady: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
babygoat mentions:
  @rejectedriot: 1 times
  @erikisaksen: 1 times
  @babygoat: 1 times
  @hardcoreex29: 1 times
  @shanedawson: 1 times
mitchmeyerson mentions:
  @TonyRinaldis: 1 times
  @CustAuthority: 1 times
  @MitchMeyerson: 1 times
  @ianbrodie: 1 times
  @kellyrfeller: 1 times
  @laurenatimg: 1 times
courtinitx mentions:
  @kjphelps: 1 times
todd2607 mentions:
  @cherry4ya: 1 times
blackmagic63 mentions:
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @biasedGirl: 1 times
  @aBoldStepBack: 1 times
  @dutchReganite: 1 times
  @AuntMyra: 1 times
  @RockingJude: 1 times
  @RalphReagan: 1 times
  @colormered: 1 times
rudycrespin mentions:
  @mattredman: 1 times
lefilthmart mentions:
  @samantharonson: 1 times
  @LeFilthMart: 1 times
  @DanMerriweather: 1 times
  @Maroon5: 1 times
  @atrak: 1 times
  @QtipTheAbstract: 1 times
davidwlocke mentions:
  @MichaelHyatt: 1 times
  @imusicmash: 1 times
  @MrsRoadshow: 1 times
  @ChrisCrandell: 1 times
  @karlgoldfield: 1 times
  @jivedanson: 1 times
  @worldepic: 1 times
  @pattiev: 1 times
  @NWGuy: 1 times
lostjello mentions:
  @JonesOnTheNBA: 1 times
  @CandaceParker: 1 times
jeditigger mentions:
  @cemurphy: 1 times
  @ruckawriter: 1 times
  @gerardjones: 1 times
milanaa mentions:
  @DHughesy: 1 times
  @AusComePlay: 1 times
  @ajdisse: 1 times
  @ReneeBWalker: 1 times
cwunch mentions:
  @deconstructor: 1 times
notthecar mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
  @BuddyTVSYTYCD: 1 times
  @BeachMomOf2: 1 times
  @angie16: 1 times
  @campkanata: 1 times
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
  @JackieMacD: 1 times
  @Glarkware: 1 times
trevory mentions:
  @hmigroupllc: 1 times
  @MaxBizMom: 1 times
  @MyPreciousKid: 1 times
4thfrog mentions:
  @roundpeg: 2 times
  @ShawnieQR: 1 times
  @aballstudio: 1 times
  @mikemagan: 1 times
  @4thfrog: 1 times
mzzlee mentions:
  @NatanGold: 1 times
  @mzzlee: 1 times
renatchenha mentions:
  @eaguiar1970: 1 times
itsmanning mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
valentinesmog mentions:
frankiemueller mentions:
  @ByeByeClutter: 1 times
  @frankiemueller: 1 times
  @TamiHozempa: 1 times
  @wqed: 1 times
  @ChitaHearse: 1 times
stephen_hill mentions:
  @ParcHDVideo: 1 times
  @tevetot: 1 times
tonylazz mentions:
  @HomePartner: 1 times
  @tamcdonald: 1 times
  @mortgagereports: 1 times
  @tcar: 1 times
therealsickboy mentions:
  @toplessrobot: 1 times
nicolerelyea mentions:
  @jonrelyea: 1 times
  @joblessmuse: 1 times
  @jonathanfields: 1 times
  @nicoleisbetter: 1 times
  @rhinestonegypsy: 1 times
shazzabeth mentions:
  @mshandbags: 1 times
  @zzzValzzz: 1 times
  @ROSJewelry: 1 times
  @Dashery: 1 times
  @innerearthsoaps: 1 times
  @ZudaGay: 1 times
  @jealousydesign: 1 times
smokinronnie mentions:
  @porkbarrelbbq: 1 times
  @BBQGrail: 1 times
  @hotsaucedaily: 1 times
  @LowcountryBBQ: 1 times
  @MarinateMeBaby: 1 times
  @TailgatingIdeas: 1 times
  @Cookmanfood: 1 times
  @smokinronnie: 1 times
leapingwoman mentions:
  @HildyGottlieb: 1 times
  @heierbacher: 1 times
  @ncdd: 1 times
  @Debategraph: 1 times
k9cuisine mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
bbr9628 mentions:
  @peoplereport: 2 times
  @mrpapaleo: 1 times
  @sexythinker: 1 times
djdurl mentions:
  @DefintionOfReal: 1 times
  @EgyptAlexander: 1 times
  @DJDURL: 1 times
  @MrSuperJay: 1 times
  @icecreammike: 1 times
  @ittybitty072887: 1 times
in_haiku mentions:
  @jemfyr: 1 times
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
  @StephenFry: 1 times
  @accidentalhaiku: 1 times
curtisstudio mentions:
  @ujwalaprabhu: 1 times
tomcunningham mentions:
  @JessvS: 1 times
  @Crintzs: 1 times
  @edrafalko: 1 times
liston mentions:
  @dwaynederosario: 1 times
  @jimmybrennan: 1 times
  @rohanricketts: 1 times
  @DannyDichio: 1 times
naresh mentions:
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @BReal420: 1 times
  @MmeFaerie: 1 times
  @FreedomIsNORML: 1 times
  @SM0KEAL0T: 1 times
  @naresh: 1 times
  @maryjaneLOVE: 1 times
webtweet mentions:
  @jwcorbett: 1 times
  @Donatoortega: 1 times
  @Market932plus: 1 times
  @coconnat: 1 times
  @FranchiseCoach: 1 times
  @mcbidz: 1 times
  @gocig: 1 times
  @Braiden: 1 times
  @DallasMarketing: 1 times
maryschaefer mentions:
  @MadameSoybean: 1 times
  @MarySchaefers: 1 times
pinkcornbread mentions:
  @HNatarajanFollowFriday: 1 times
  @pinkcornbread: 1 times
  @Funnelmarketing: 1 times
  @larrymcleod: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @mutantstarr: 1 times
  @tmjobrequest: 1 times
kieraj0 mentions:
  @TheresaTrujillo: 1 times
bmxrockermom mentions:
  @gavinnewsom: 1 times
sara_valor mentions:
  @healdsburg: 2 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @SaraValor: 1 times
  @CoutureParties: 1 times
m_amyknits mentions:
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @SunnyJamiel: 1 times
  @SourceLessons: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @MamaCaps: 1 times
watermarkhawaii mentions:
  @TheWeddingCafe: 1 times
  @CharleyMemm: 1 times
  @LeslieLang: 1 times
maineroots mentions:
  @daigofujiwara: 1 times
lisa_s_also mentions:
  @sicsicsic: 1 times
  @: 1 times
infinityimages mentions:
  @workingmoms: 1 times
  @infinityimages: 1 times
slipknotftw mentions:
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
  @SlipknotFTW: 1 times
  @Itallstarted88: 1 times
  @jonlloydband: 1 times
  @swocky1: 1 times
evflagg mentions:
  @Lilitree: 1 times
  @darkvictory: 1 times
olgabow mentions:
  @dkbuth: 1 times
taniaqueen mentions:
  @sillycows: 1 times
  @adbert: 1 times
  @monikkinom: 1 times
  @zergmoney: 1 times
  @bffoodie: 1 times
  @fsalasnyc: 1 times
heartreach mentions:
  @Whaledefenders: 1 times
  @heartreach: 1 times
  @Manxington: 1 times
  @stwood1953: 1 times
  @fearfuldogs: 1 times
  @NewPetZone: 1 times
  @ThePetWiki: 1 times
  @ParrotGray: 1 times
  @Meg1984: 1 times
chariset mentions:
  @parklandhealth: 1 times
mattiegoober mentions:
  @adammshankman@annshoket@JaredCollett@TwilightNewsMan@DisneyPixar@dizzyfeet@KateBrian@KieranScott@peoplemag@taylorswift13: 1 times
cleonjames mentions:
  @alexandrathegr8: 1 times
indieradiochatt mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @DoctorExclusive: 2 times
  @KillerGuitar: 1 times
  @MartyWilliamson: 1 times
  @prankster163: 1 times
  @indieradiochatt: 1 times
chris2point0 mentions:
  @brettystar: 1 times
  @jenquinones: 1 times
  @CoraMitchell: 1 times
  @jselke: 1 times
  @stephenmotroni: 1 times
live2learn mentions:
  @JJLhui: 1 times
  @obrown: 1 times
  @live2learn: 1 times
  @PeacefulWmn9: 1 times
  @alohabeth: 1 times
  @hownottowrite: 1 times
  @TheCharmQuark: 1 times
daniantunes mentions:
  @CamilaALeite: 1 times
  @andrepelotas: 1 times
  @dospires: 1 times
  @vanessaaguiar: 1 times
  @luluonthesky: 1 times
juneplumm mentions:
  @tanijoy: 1 times
  @donghotti: 1 times
  @juneplumm: 1 times
  @digdeepinc: 1 times
  @dbrouun: 1 times
  @dcyanni: 1 times
  @tikianyuni: 1 times
  @donpitts: 1 times
mikegoodz mentions:
  @DaboyNat: 1 times
  @MuddyMuggz: 1 times
  @mikegoodz: 1 times
  @ATLBEATBATTLE: 1 times
  @imeem: 1 times
  @LuNeyTuNez: 1 times
beeblez mentions:
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @joshacagan: 1 times
  @jessicabenners: 1 times
  @eamesera: 1 times
mlktoscl mentions:
  @Nelawish: 1 times
eric55explorer mentions:
  @GregLaycock: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @harvestworker: 1 times
beautyclutch mentions:
  @TiffBohn: 1 times
  @WarmachineCAN: 1 times
  @beautyclutch: 1 times
  @DeltaSociety: 1 times
  @Disneyopolis: 1 times
  @takeyourdog: 1 times
  @AffiniaChicago: 1 times
christinavia mentions:
  @heykim: 1 times
  @CHRISTINAVIA: 2 times
licitysplit mentions:
  @FollowSteph: 1 times
mysticstar mentions:
  @averyhawk: 1 times
ouijaqueen mentions:
  @spidermann: 1 times
  @pickledllama: 1 times
  @vegaswalkindude: 1 times
  @ghostadventures: 1 times
  @hettyelibet: 1 times
  @zxgxhxa: 1 times
  @jchawes: 1 times
  @grantswilson: 1 times
  @fark: 1 times
  @ouijaqueen: 1 times
robertnomura mentions:
  @robertnomura: 1 times
tracytupper mentions:
  @mattbolognaJust: 1 times
  @katalee02: 1 times
  @Sassygirl4444: 1 times
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
  @heavenlyhands: 1 times
  @marybologna: 1 times
  @tracytupper: 1 times
  @bortron: 1 times
  @disgrasian: 1 times
wookiee71 mentions:
  @RalphContreras: 1 times
  @joeledgington: 1 times
  @RyanStegman: 1 times
  @LordShaper: 1 times
marcome mentions:
  @JamaicanChula: 1 times
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @MichelleStewart: 1 times
  @bizwhig: 1 times
  @EnergizeSpirit: 1 times
djlechenyc mentions:
  @BigBullyOrg: 1 times
  @PeruSoul81: 1 times
  @Syrenn: 1 times
  @culturite: 1 times
  @omarkhanmusic: 1 times
  @rebeccajas88: 1 times
  @SoulfulJenn: 1 times
  @DJLecheNYC: 1 times
earlleepiff mentions:
  @iamdarkerblue: 1 times
  @MadBrad: 1 times
  @DivasMistress: 1 times
  @Mazaroddi: 1 times
  @PlugWonDeLaSoul: 1 times
  @AlexisTai: 1 times
  @TimmyGotSoul: 1 times
  @HellzYea: 1 times
  @EarlLeePiff: 1 times
su2c mentions:
  @EthanZohn: 1 times
francynewalker mentions:
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @Iwillfollowback: 1 times
  @eternalflex: 1 times
jeffmke mentions:
  @bizymare: 1 times
  @preppiecurler: 1 times
luckleygirl mentions:
  @ksorbs: 1 times
savorthethyme mentions:
  @eatingwell: 1 times
  @SimplyDecadent: 1 times
  @cafe1989: 1 times
  @sippitysup: 1 times
  @camillemaurice: 1 times
  @sugarcrafter: 1 times
  @elleskitchen: 1 times
  @angiefoodmuse: 1 times
choonks mentions:
  @mrrodd: 1 times
  @djdiva: 1 times
  @norwegianspecia: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @keane: 1 times
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
  @Rella: 1 times
  @bearfanron: 1 times
tshombe mentions:
  @ThePassionDiva: 1 times
scotteweinberg mentions:
  @Shavar: 1 times
seelah mentions:
billco mentions:
  @traveltheworl: 1 times
  @muskokaoutdoors: 1 times
  @CampWildGirls: 1 times
  @SpectrumCondos: 1 times
  @fossilrocker: 1 times
mslatina mentions:
  @Stonesetter: 1 times
  @tikitikiblog: 1 times
  @MsLatina: 1 times
  @mami2mommy: 1 times
  @latinleader: 1 times
  @jaimami: 1 times
  @carrieinTn: 1 times
glfceo mentions:
  @anitaborgorg: 1 times
  @systersawards: 1 times
collegedrinking mentions:
  @sweetcherrypop: 1 times
  @SylvieDog: 1 times
  @ToniTierney: 1 times
trendy_golf mentions:
  @lorenzomyers: 1 times
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
hireawebgeek mentions:
  @LouisPagan: 1 times
  @DarrylRMSG: 1 times
  @hireawebgeek: 1 times
  @shiprachauhan: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
cindyrecruiter mentions:
  @JobCamp: 1 times
  @RobertJames1: 1 times
  @MilwHurling: 1 times
  @CindyRecruiter: 1 times
  @kfelten: 1 times
  @JillBieszk: 1 times
  @andyfrahm: 1 times
  @thatwomansoho: 1 times
  @tweetupgirls: 1 times
bamadan73 mentions:
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @Cozz: 1 times
  @daviddouek: 1 times
  @DCeventjunkie: 1 times
  @atmospeer: 1 times
  @greybucket: 1 times
  @joolzgirl: 1 times
  @reesa1976: 1 times
  @LisRisi: 1 times
  @gw27: 1 times
dred242 mentions:
  @ChristinaDrane: 1 times
vtgroseclothing mentions:
  @stylesmith: 1 times
  @ShrimptonCoutur: 1 times
  @deargolden: 1 times
  @VtgRoseClothing: 1 times
  @jessjamesjake: 1 times
  @ThrushVintage: 1 times
  @RevivalHouse: 1 times
jodiaceva mentions:
  @MJSVirtual: 2 times
  @WarwickMerry: 1 times
  @kellbvos: 1 times
  @thetappingman: 1 times
  @JodiAceVA: 1 times
holykatie mentions:
  @SweetCake: 1 times
  @BedroomBuddies: 1 times
  @BradSabbath: 1 times
  @princessbutterc: 1 times
  @ALan: 1 times
  @holykatie: 1 times
  @done: 1 times
  @TeeBiscuit: 1 times
  @Cis826: 1 times
  @SimbaCatOG: 1 times
riwrites mentions:
  @JeanetteDMK: 1 times
bassnectar mentions:
  @stefwaf: 1 times
  @rtn: 1 times
  @lazersword: 1 times
  @bassnectar: 1 times
  @PANTyRAiD: 1 times
  @maryannhobbs: 1 times
career_coach mentions:
  @mkatmahoney: 1 times
sissyto4 mentions:
  @mahaffy: 1 times
  @sissyto4: 1 times
eleanor_hui mentions:
midnite_laydee mentions:
  @TruckerDesiree: 1 times
txbrad mentions:
  @Eric77lv: 1 times
imbarret mentions:
  @YouLookGreat: 1 times
joannasfoto mentions:
  @natelawson: 1 times
  @jmanstudios: 1 times
  @BecThomasPhoto: 1 times
  @MelissaLund: 1 times
  @jacreative: 1 times
  @mattallenphoto: 1 times
  @destinationwf: 1 times
  @gallery32: 1 times
  @orangecatart: 1 times
rtkmusic mentions:
wazupstl mentions:
  @blankstudent: 1 times
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @LovePantyBabe: 1 times
  @TarynThomas: 1 times
  @mrtacomuncher: 1 times
  @AaliyahLove69: 1 times
  @wazupstl: 1 times
  @RobCometX: 1 times
  @als127: 1 times
bedroombuddies mentions:
feepaige mentions:
  @LiberalViewer1: 1 times
  @detroitccw: 1 times
  @LyceumUMD: 1 times
  @GreenNation: 1 times
corewarrior mentions:
  @contentcottage: 1 times
amndaj mentions:
  @charmimsy: 1 times
  @pbandjcreations: 1 times
  @Jannabee: 1 times
  @faren800: 1 times
  @CarmaSez: 1 times
  @atouchofwhimsy: 1 times
  @bitofmomsense: 1 times
iriem mentions:
  @lamasuryadas: 1 times
  @stephcalahan: 1 times
  @jimkitzmiller: 1 times
j_k_n_ mentions:
  @ton3: 1 times
luciferskylarke mentions:
  @tellman: 2 times
  @johnmorgan: 1 times
  @kylebattis: 1 times
  @bonkus: 1 times
itscalebwinner mentions:
  @samantharonson: 1 times
  @LeFilthMart: 1 times
  @DanMerriweather: 1 times
  @Maroon5: 1 times
  @atrak: 1 times
  @QtipTheAbstract: 1 times
  @itscalebwinner: 1 times
amy_saunders mentions:
  @Noitworld: 1 times
wbaustin mentions:
  @Rex7: 1 times
  @chuyrod: 1 times
  @Schofe: 1 times
  @RealRobBrydon: 1 times
  @BostonPatriot: 1 times
  @chrislammert: 1 times
  @TheMandyMoore: 1 times
  @SeniorBoomer: 1 times
  @DanaWillhoit: 1 times
calm_compassion mentions:
  @RonanLittleSeal: 1 times
  @mindili: 1 times
  @TJusa: 1 times
  @mamacooks: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
  @tweetlater: 1 times
peterparks mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
  @peterparks: 1 times
nathysmom mentions:
  @osknights: 1 times
cityslipper mentions:
  @robinwedewer: 1 times
  @joanw: 1 times
  @cecilyk: 1 times
  @cindyscottday: 1 times
  @doubledanger: 1 times
  @jeanannvk: 1 times
ascjoellio mentions:
  @yslanrulz: 1 times
  @bourgtai: 1 times
  @O47TsD: 1 times
  @WayneParksSr: 1 times
  @HIVELOCITY: 1 times
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @dkolke: 1 times
jamesgrandstaff mentions:
  @NickLeonards: 1 times
  @patientwarrior: 1 times
  @NaomiDowney: 1 times
  @JamesGrandstaff: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @jenfamous: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
iamfacemelter mentions:
  @stefwaf: 1 times
  @rtn: 1 times
  @lazersword: 1 times
  @bassnectar: 2 times
  @PANTyRAiD: 1 times
  @maryannhobbs: 1 times
brendanstormo mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @HuntingJob: 1 times
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @amandarobins: 1 times
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @KJAllDay83: 1 times
flybabymoni mentions:
  @Luvschweetheart: 1 times
  @DianeDenmark: 1 times
iyahdread mentions:
  @Kiamba: 1 times
  @isseykun: 1 times
  @andai: 1 times
  @IyahDread: 1 times
  @misterjt: 1 times
  @ahhhgolf: 1 times
  @RominaL: 1 times
  @theHarried: 1 times
  @theteganandsara: 1 times
  @Jipsi: 1 times
icad0n mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @freshjeremy: 1 times
  @jeiho: 1 times
  @dkwalton: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
  @mindfulmeli: 1 times
  @icad0n: 1 times
roxylee mentions:
  @tabloidterror: 1 times
  @richdirtygirl: 1 times
  @KARENmagazine: 1 times
  @GiaStone: 1 times
  @RoxyLee: 1 times
papaginospizza mentions:
  @lethargiclad: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
techtools mentions:
  @sivababa: 1 times
rachel_walters mentions:
  @aquadrunkard: 1 times
insatiablegeish mentions:
  @bunnies28: 1 times
tnlisa mentions:
  @mrciscoadler: 1 times
  @shwayze: 1 times
  @theknux: 1 times
  @chrisyoungraps: 1 times
  @NikkoSoul: 1 times
  @rahalmillio: 1 times
  @itskrispykreme: 1 times
  @chanelwestcoast: 1 times
memoriesalive mentions:
  @WomenGunOwners: 1 times
thesalerack mentions:
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @rthastar: 1 times
  @glamtweets: 1 times
  @Lollieshopping: 1 times
  @Lovelylala: 1 times
  @DVBL: 1 times
  @Stylstmanifesto: 1 times
djtwyst mentions:
  @JamaicaPanama: 1 times
  @HeavyHand: 1 times
  @dizzywunda: 1 times
  @g5caution: 1 times
  @honorablecnote: 1 times
scraparcs mentions:
prill mentions:
  @EZEE122: 1 times
  @LILAISE: 1 times
  @WOTTER: 1 times
  @IDUARDO: 1 times
brian_kirsch mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
theurbanabbey mentions:
  @janblencoweart: 1 times
  @gtroxell: 1 times
  @moneycoach: 1 times
  @DianeLHarris: 1 times
  @expatminister: 1 times
  @Allcatholic: 1 times
adamspiel mentions:
  @LesleyMorgan: 1 times
  @AdamSpiel: 1 times
  @MichaelOttman: 1 times
  @JTMaritn: 1 times
  @GarryParkes: 1 times
  @SandraRodriques: 1 times
alozuldo mentions:
lesbiandad mentions:
  @LezmirandaPOW: 1 times
  @kat8163: 1 times
danzelikman mentions:
  @starrtech: 1 times
ar_hr mentions:
timbrepitch mentions:
  @caseymckinnon: 1 times
  @zadi: 1 times
  @veronica: 1 times
  @acedtect: 1 times
  @leolaporte: 1 times
  @patricknorton: 1 times
  @pop17: 1 times
secretlystephie mentions:
  @DameElizabeth: 1 times
sarahsonging mentions:
  @clintonkelly: 1 times
garryism mentions:
  @ButtercupD: 1 times
  @CoryBooker: 1 times
bootynbrainz mentions:
  @DjTwyst: 1 times
  @JamaicaPanama: 1 times
  @HeavyHand: 1 times
  @dizzywunda: 1 times
  @g5caution: 1 times
  @honorablecnote: 1 times
kmcooley mentions:
  @bbgeekchic: 1 times
  @BlackBerryForum: 1 times
  @savemegeek: 1 times
tonyntv mentions:
  @specktacular: 1 times
  @tonicbrad: 1 times
jd_rucker mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
carollgray mentions:
  @supermini63: 1 times
  @pinklolly: 1 times
  @Lissical@peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @HollyEgg: 1 times
  @littlewop7: 1 times
  @Footballwife: 1 times
  @CarolLGray: 1 times
  @MollyFaraday: 1 times
amidenise mentions:
  @andi72b: 1 times
  @meggieedwards: 1 times
  @SallyARound: 1 times
cathyribble mentions:
  @ExpertParalegal: 1 times
hibippytea mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @uangel: 1 times
  @AprilRainSkin: 1 times
  @MichellePSimms: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradioTY: 1 times
michellerealtor mentions:
  @StefanieHartman: 1 times
  @greggscott: 1 times
  @tripper63: 1 times
  @MichelleRealtor: 1 times
  @tshombe: 1 times
  @lynndorman: 1 times
  @LeonardoZ: 1 times
  @paulag01: 1 times
thesnarkyone mentions:
vaerin mentions:
  @FrancyneWalker: 1 times
  @VAerin: 1 times
  @JamaicanDime09: 1 times
  @andrewrwong: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
taliasunset mentions:
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @hofshq: 1 times
  @siteskateboard: 1 times
  @berrics: 1 times
  @Tuhtsqueen: 1 times
  @skateparks: 1 times
  @NickyDiamonds: 1 times
  @Sk8Boardsqueez: 1 times
  @TaliaSunset: 1 times
  @Lakers: 1 times
jorgeavila mentions:
  @RicXandFollowFriday: 1 times
  @JuniorBarbosa89: 1 times
  @Alancorrea: 1 times
  @jorgeavila: 1 times
  @fabianofls: 1 times
  @pinducacep: 1 times
  @NandoFluhr: 1 times
  @vintireais: 1 times
  @borbitz: 2 times
  @Gualber: 1 times
mysheernaturals mentions:
  @PinkFest: 1 times
  @hatsandhugs: 1 times
twotrey23 mentions:
  @MichaelJaiWhites: 1 times
  @BlackDynamite: 1 times
  @lafilmfest: 1 times
albertamf mentions:
  @JMF1957: 1 times
happyhousewife mentions:
  @HiTodd: 1 times
  @MomsToolBox: 1 times
  @reformingpapa: 1 times
pixelwarp mentions:
  @runpee: 1 times
  @SoCalMovieFans: 1 times
  @Wheretowee: 1 times
  @polyGeek: 1 times
  @frijole: 1 times
  @PixelWarp: 1 times
  @joshhofer: 1 times
  @kfred35: 1 times
  @hippyGeek: 1 times
kaythomaswrites mentions:
  @kellistanley: 1 times
  @JanetRudolph: 1 times
digit69 mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
panda1200 mentions:
  @kbrichi: 1 times
  @MaiiQ: 1 times
scubadivergirls mentions:
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
  @FollowNathan: 1 times
shannanb mentions:
  @jennyitup: 1 times
  @carriescooking: 1 times
  @moneymethods: 1 times
  @writermommy: 1 times
  @actionjackson03: 1 times
  @WMAGTela: 1 times
  @domesticdebacle: 1 times
  @dellgirl1: 1 times
ve6erc mentions:
  @kennyyeager: 1 times
taxspendliberal mentions:
  @nolies4me: 1 times
  @donovantalk: 1 times
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
  @912DC: 1 times
  @ALIPAC: 1 times
  @americanblogstr: 1 times
  @AnyStreet: 1 times
  @briefingroom: 1 times
  @againstobama: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
jacquedalton mentions:
  @CatieM777: 1 times
  @IsoBan: 1 times
  @mmpotter: 1 times
  @LisaGarr: 1 times
soxpatsfan74 mentions:
  @Chrissyisms: 1 times
  @SoxPatsFan74: 1 times
nickbegley mentions:
  @drewcashmore: 2 times
brenz88 mentions:
  @howzitbruddah: 1 times
  @brenz88: 1 times
  @jadesboy: 1 times
jaycous mentions:
  @SJRod: 1 times
  @BBProductivity: 1 times
  @JenWojcik: 1 times
  @crackberry: 1 times
  @jaycous: 1 times
  @sjrod: 1 times
  @joelrubinson: 1 times
  @jcangel2: 1 times
  @jgodfrey: 1 times
  @web20empire: 1 times
  @RuddockMH: 1 times
ladyanb mentions:
  @skylersky: 1 times
  @myvegasscene: 1 times
  @bgoldbourne: 1 times
  @DJMIKEYSWIFT: 1 times
  @DJJeffreyThomas: 1 times
  @24K: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
skubwa mentions:
natedogreimer mentions:
  @jefflail: 1 times
damebeatz mentions:
  @chingching16: 1 times
  @Tiffany1962: 1 times
  @mslindaday: 1 times
  @ELUSIONCLOTHING: 1 times
  @IAmPorscheFBaby: 1 times
  @Globalhiphoptv: 1 times
  @MoniLuvB: 1 times
fursrescue mentions:
  @hoomin: 1 times
  @FerretsFirst: 1 times
  @EmmettFerret: 1 times
  @FursRescue: 1 times
  @ferretsrock: 1 times
  @crazyferretgirl: 1 times
squirrelsohno mentions:
  @ekolee: 1 times
  @lilangelita: 1 times
  @enjoyyourbunny: 1 times
  @shadyoutkast: 1 times
  @queeniefox: 1 times
  @zacharyquinto: 1 times
  @minnymichelle: 1 times
  @yoozridicuhluss: 1 times
  @brightondoll: 1 times
jeffallen12 mentions:
  @LessaT: 1 times
  @ginabella: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @zipzip1212: 1 times
  @Katetheright: 1 times
  @CClinger: 1 times
  @juliarygaard: 1 times
oohjuice mentions:
  @Thegr8godslayer: 1 times
  @SkyHi: 1 times
  @oOHjUice: 1 times
  @bmacthequeen: 1 times
  @XplicitLyric: 1 times
  @adembroski: 1 times
  @SomayaReece: 1 times
  @BRITTANYN112: 1 times
  @thaboogie: 1 times
meedymek mentions:
  @Vsmooth: 1 times
  @11pm: 1 times
  @KapriStylesxxx: 1 times
  @ItsAmanduh: 1 times
  @sosexxxy1: 1 times
  @GMAIL: 1 times
ozloya mentions:
wendymjones07 mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
jmilles mentions:
  @efink: 1 times
barbarosa1 mentions:
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @GoldyMom: 1 times
  @1Cor1613: 1 times
  @: 1 times
ooah mentions:
  @bassnectar: 2 times
  @stefwaf: 1 times
  @rtn: 1 times
  @lazersword: 1 times
  @PANTyRAiD: 1 times
  @maryannhobbs: 1 times
alltravelsites mentions:
  @Donatoorteg: 1 times
  @calummaclean: 1 times
  @tomtravel2: 1 times
  @LetsTalkTravel: 1 times
  @travelhome: 1 times
  @eloisethepug: 1 times
  @theplanetd: 1 times
  @GWTravelTours: 1 times
bookclubgirl mentions:
  @AliChemist: 1 times
nicomavo mentions:
hungry4tacos mentions:
  @justinbieber: 1 times
scott_manesis mentions:
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @RnRyorkiemom: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
  @Kibitzette: 1 times
  @Killandra: 1 times
  @pollyplummer: 1 times
think_peace mentions:
  @InterwibbleFollowFriday: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @geigeractiii: 1 times
  @RedHeadMeag: 1 times
  @MiamiEspanol: 1 times
  @greendreamin: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @SeaYu: 1 times
  @GreenUniversity: 1 times
msfran95 mentions:
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @RavenSu: 1 times
  @TweetWords: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @ItsOneTen: 1 times
  @urGrandaddy: 1 times
  @terrymyers: 1 times
  @MsFran95: 1 times
holisticguru mentions:
  @speedgoat23: 1 times
jdfreivald mentions:
  @mbranesf: 1 times
williedeee mentions:
  @Caslitos: 1 times
  @TommyTune2: 1 times
fredomartin mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
mercurialblonde mentions:
irishspy mentions:
gizillion mentions:
  @CodySperber: 2 times
  @stockmaster75: 1 times
  @Gizillion: 1 times
  @PaigeAnneCarter: 1 times
juancarlos1969 mentions:
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @twttfuel: 1 times
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @MCHammer: 1 times
  @Mike1Myers: 1 times
  @primatage: 1 times
  @TheMrsNikkiSixx: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @juancarlos: 1 times
randivincent mentions:
  @petapixel: 1 times
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
  @LeanReligion: 1 times
  @illusionists: 1 times
  @RandiVincent: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @michaelnobbs: 1 times
  @dcb23followfriday: 1 times
goforyourdream mentions:
  @AliceTChan: 1 times
politicstwitt mentions:
shopwithmenow mentions:
trafficatoz mentions:
tweetteacher mentions:
mochamoneybags mentions:
  @afrobella: 1 times
  @redpumpproj: 1 times
  @fortitude1913: 1 times
  @gem2001: 1 times
  @luvvieig: 1 times
  @thefabgiver: 1 times
  @raelt: 1 times
  @ch3ryl: 1 times
  @mrclutch: 1 times
brooksbayne mentions:
  @stephengordon: 1 times
  @dloesch: 1 times
donrichnet mentions:
  @FollowNathan: 1 times
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
trublife mentions:
  @professordaddyo: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @shasib@harryallen: 1 times
  @juneambrose@2serenity@ATLien@dukesofdaville: 1 times
pixie1212 mentions:
  @billso: 1 times
  @clarencehill: 1 times
  @thriftgoddess: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @roadmap2success: 1 times
  @DanielPink: 1 times
  @CoryBooker: 1 times
lauralkgw mentions:
  @ve6erc: 1 times
lisamaatz mentions:
  @phillyberg: 1 times
  @amds007: 1 times
  @arenda: 1 times
  @christytj: 1 times
  @stumbletweets: 1 times
peggyfrezon mentions:
  @k8fenner: 1 times
  @DisneyFoodBlog: 1 times
  @HiddenMickey: 1 times
  @WaltDisneySays: 1 times
  @TheDisneyBlog: 1 times
  @stitchkingdom: 1 times
  @TheDIS: 1 times
jessicabogard mentions:
  @KristenjStewart: 1 times
  @NikkiHReed: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @RachelleLefevr: 1 times
andrewaburger mentions:
  @sashalou: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ways2gogreen mentions:
  @furnicology: 1 times
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @EcoFan: 1 times
  @ImTheQ: 1 times
  @ShiftYourHabit: 1 times
  @GreenEyedMonst: 1 times
  @buygreen: 1 times
  @GoodFibers: 1 times
manolis mentions:
  @joekeatinge: 1 times
  @Schwarzenegger: 1 times
m_weber mentions:
  @pixie1212: 1 times
  @DallasDunn: 1 times
  @crzyraysfan: 1 times
  @mweber: 1 times
  @MarissajustMay: 1 times
  @NineEqualsEight: 1 times
mr_jelly mentions:
ccondray mentions:
  @joelataylor: 1 times
  @meljeans: 1 times
  @migoi: 1 times
  @susiepatton: 1 times
  @lesliemac59: 1 times
  @NWACares: 1 times
  @TomRedwine: 1 times
  @dpcwollmann: 1 times
  @melyssatweeting: 1 times
itodd mentions:
  @isweatbutter: 1 times
ms_krista mentions:
  @minunianda: 1 times
  @jakrose: 1 times
  @webfadds: 1 times
  @lisaboyd: 1 times
  @jennafleur: 1 times
  @marianhays: 1 times
  @alanknox: 1 times
  @MsKrista: 1 times
  @ChocThunder52: 1 times
  @communitygirl: 1 times
wheatus mentions:
  @erikistired: 1 times
  @wheatus: 1 times
kimbermatic mentions:
  @brooksbayne: 1 times
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @CTRaider: 1 times
  @JustAskOmar: 1 times
desireekoh13 mentions:
fenpromos mentions:
  @flyersnews: 1 times
  @KellyMcStoner: 1 times
  @GiveMeGadget: 1 times
  @lansa: 1 times
  @reubenwoodhair: 1 times
  @rakarooan: 1 times
  @WyrdProductions: 1 times
paulttran mentions:
  @sagafrontier: 1 times
thevalerie mentions:
  @KaiStinchcombe: 1 times
2asuccess mentions:
  @MeetYoLe@mariusystenes: 1 times
  @DarylHillFollowFriday: 1 times
  @2asuccess: 1 times
  @KelliWirth: 1 times
  @bigWAVEdude: 1 times
  @cedrickharris: 1 times
  @AlexanderPaul: 1 times
  @olinaqian: 1 times
  @jkhoffman: 1 times
jena_crankpr mentions:
  @courtcoop: 1 times
  @jenniterekemp: 1 times
  @JenaCrankPR: 1 times
  @Eazyacess: 1 times
kyx_pdx mentions:
  @Pampelmoose: 1 times
  @LovePortland: 1 times
  @raeriva: 1 times
  @AlyssaaaaNicole: 1 times
  @portlandmercury: 1 times
  @pdxpipeline: 1 times
  @blazersedge: 1 times
  @Koifusionpdx: 1 times
  @pearlgirl: 1 times
1st_time_caller mentions:
  @uncultured: 1 times
  @alandistro: 1 times
calvero mentions:
  @uncultured: 1 times
  @alandistro: 1 times
lottloft mentions:
  @vaporofnuance: 1 times
  @mverrilli: 1 times
  @AtlChicwswag: 1 times
  @ashakh: 1 times
  @IfDogRabbit: 1 times
  @sleepercellmix: 1 times
taniasue mentions:
  @babyorganics: 1 times
  @taniasue: 1 times
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @EricDLCruz: 1 times
faraco mentions:
wescribeit mentions:
  @PatLorna: 1 times
  @WordPressWizard: 1 times
  @AndrewPoletto: 1 times
  @conniegreen: 1 times
  @KellyRudolph: 1 times
wtf_irving mentions:
  @yoamberr: 12 times
coreymekell mentions:
  @tanijoy: 1 times
  @remembermeninab: 1 times
  @coreymekell: 1 times
  @starchildmusic3: 1 times
  @cheynonline: 1 times
  @4everbrandy: 1 times
  @yesitsalgebra: 1 times
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
youngfranktv mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @JNerd: 1 times
  @Dabirdman1: 1 times
  @ladygomez254: 1 times
  @cdbaby: 1 times
  @rapdirt: 1 times
  @youngfranktv: 1 times
juiceandbenny mentions:
  @ApolloPlus40: 1 times
  @Chandrayaan1: 1 times
  @LRONASA: 1 times
  @LCROSSNASA: 1 times
himysyed mentions:
  @HotMuslimChick: 1 times
  @lisarahmat: 1 times
  @hijabihipster: 1 times
wishmelucky mentions:
  @GoldyMom: 2 times
  @JimPelley: 1 times
  @luckypenny: 1 times
  @tinymel96: 1 times
  @SueScheff: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
anchored_in_vt mentions:
  @BobberBob: 1 times
aclockworktoad mentions:
  @creques: 1 times
  @southsalem: 1 times
  @floridagirlindc: 1 times
  @robgokeemusic: 1 times
  @mysmallpotatoes: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @ProductionBoys: 1 times
argentourism mentions:
  @hashtravel: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @travelinggreen: 1 times
  @Lamamoto: 1 times
  @TargetLatino: 1 times
widgett mentions:
  @davidgallaher: 1 times
  @hypersteve: 1 times
sassynetworker mentions:
  @LoisMarketing: 1 times
  @kathymoore: 1 times
  @bethlapierre: 1 times
  @aliciafalcone: 1 times
  @apmotorsports: 1 times
  @drfernkazlow: 1 times
mikeyoung mentions:
  @panamajack54: 1 times
  @RobNewBreedBass: 1 times
  @2morrowknight: 1 times
  @freeadviceSea: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
  @keybossy: 2 times
jtjdt mentions:
laurwee_boo mentions:
  @KaylynClaire: 1 times
  @LyndaBelvidere: 1 times
casacollin mentions:
  @casacollin: 1 times
cybercoder mentions:
angelatreatlyon mentions:
xhaloe mentions:
  @Chicajones: 1 times
sullydoug mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @OhioTeaParty: 1 times
  @hardings930: 1 times
  @TFLJr: 1 times
  @borgellaj: 1 times
healingkeys mentions:
  @rebeccacoleman: 1 times
  @thenextstagemag: 1 times
  @SMLois: 1 times
  @MichaelBAdams: 1 times
  @AlfredDePew: 1 times
ipickem mentions:
  @steelergurl: 1 times
davidstephenson mentions:
  @journalsquared: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
  @iran09: 1 times
  @austinheap: 1 times
nathansfight mentions:
  @Phennymansmom: 1 times
  @CureCF4Reilly: 1 times
  @beckerbuns: 1 times
  @Athenabeans: 1 times
sno_buny mentions:
  @BlokesLib: 1 times
  @Angel3000: 1 times
  @TerriCook: 1 times
  @snobuny: 1 times
  @Brighteyes08: 1 times
mpoppel mentions:
  @joebrooks: 1 times
jennifervoss mentions:
  @EmikoJaffe: 1 times
  @JenniferVoss: 1 times
lisakifttherapy mentions:
  @PinkAngel0704: 1 times
  @allapparel: 1 times
  @melisangel: 1 times
  @circuitvapor: 1 times
  @mscator: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @j0shm: 1 times
  @lisakifttherapy: 1 times
  @shanajackson: 1 times
jsheehan200 mentions:
  @joesheehan: 2 times
hectorizarra mentions:
  @microjurisve: 1 times
  @gabigueron: 1 times
  @Adri021: 1 times
  @luisermusica: 1 times
dylysen mentions:
  @btbamofficial: 1 times
  @abbycadabby: 1 times
  @Jimjangles: 1 times
  @AustinSODMG: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @RedSoxInsider: 1 times
gvoworld mentions:
  @babecloud: 1 times
  @GeezNuttz: 1 times
  @suburbantim: 1 times
  @OTCJournal: 1 times
rob_ham mentions:
  @aflyonthewall: 1 times
  @vipvirtualsols: 1 times
jadesamantha_ mentions:
  @bandssupporter: 1 times
caddiechaplain mentions:
  @jenuinejen: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @bargellaj: 1 times
  @rmaynard: 1 times
  @seniorboomer: 1 times
  @claytoncalhoon: 1 times
  @m0rningstarr: 1 times
  @awakentotruth: 1 times
andewyndesigns mentions:
  @michaelsargent: 1 times
  @ridingcoach: 1 times
  @cafehandmade: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @williamshatner: 1 times
  @ridingcouture: 1 times
  @justinsandercoe: 1 times
tostina mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @1000TimesYes: 1 times
wcellis mentions:
  @LIDA360: 1 times
jenmovies mentions:
  @podcastdoors: 1 times
  @MikeSHenderson: 1 times
  @twofingersmusic: 1 times
  @jenmovies: 1 times
  @Bazzaa: 1 times
scottmckain mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @JimCathcart: 1 times
  @ScottMcKain: 1 times
  @ChrisWidener: 1 times
  @MarkSanborn: 1 times
  @RonKarr: 1 times
meowmeowdrugs mentions:
  @RobbieRighteous: 1 times
vidiotssm mentions:
  @chaosfilms: 1 times
  @angelmcclinton: 1 times
  @NoRestrictions: 1 times
  @andrewlieberman: 1 times
emotions14 mentions:
  @myssmodelstar: 1 times
awakingaimee mentions:
  @SelfSymmetry: 1 times
  @AwakingAimee: 1 times
  @unlikelymesngr: 1 times
  @JessicaGottlieb: 1 times
  @BobbiJanay: 1 times
  @createdbymom: 1 times
johnceef mentions:
  @DELASOULSDUGOUT: 1 times
  @USTREAM: 1 times
laurasrecipes mentions:
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @KP1079: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @CathyWMDA@ChefDaveLA: 1 times
  @pinkpeppercorn: 1 times
tarabusch mentions:
  @katehavnevikfollowfriday: 1 times
  @annelittkcrw: 1 times
  @wendyandlisa: 1 times
  @andytaylorsonic: 1 times
  @carmenrizzo: 1 times
  @jasonbentley: 1 times
  @kcrw: 1 times
  @tarabusch: 1 times
  @quinnmusician: 1 times
lavozdeunagata mentions:
  @NaborGarrido: 1 times
  @lavozdeunagata: 1 times
gfroadwarrior mentions:
  @thewholegang: 1 times
ceena mentions:
  @MrMikeReal: 1 times
  @seanogle: 1 times
  @moneywatch: 1 times
  @nathanalston: 1 times
  @DanHaneveer: 1 times
  @livinglife4: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @Agirlnamedandy: 1 times
stan2000 mentions:
  @FredKuhr: 1 times
  @isweatbutter: 1 times
  @lovebscott: 1 times
  @PatrikIanPolk: 1 times
  @tvblog: 1 times
  @BuddyTVSYTYCD: 1 times
miniclownz mentions:
  @stevegarfield: 1 times
bearkatbest mentions:
  @bearkatbest: 1 times
wallanjoker mentions:
  @FernandaGrigio: 1 times
  @Thaisroche: 1 times
  @castrofe: 1 times
  @mariodiamente: 1 times
  @ednaldotorresfe: 1 times
  @kempcartunista: 1 times
reecy_kup mentions:
  @bygbaby: 2 times
  @HijabiApprentic: 1 times
kathysacks mentions:
  @CSMetro: 1 times
thile mentions:
  @fijiwriter: 1 times
  @berly: 1 times
geoentelechy mentions:
  @DavidWLocke: 1 times
  @donboyes: 1 times
mtbjohn mentions:
  @LeviLeipheimer: 1 times
  @Hornerakg: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
bonjersay mentions:
  @keyinfluencer: 1 times
mstausha mentions:
  @Dreaminofu: 2 times
  @janicegeorgefollowfriday: 1 times
  @amandahawk: 1 times
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @hommietheclown: 1 times
  @kenmillerjr: 1 times
  @MonicaBenton: 1 times
doinitwell mentions:
the_beth mentions:
  @davidpahl: 1 times
brandpointe mentions:
  @simonmainwaring: 1 times
  @Fejennings: 1 times
  @themalegoodbye: 1 times
  @shawnrecruits4u: 1 times
  @brandpointe: 1 times
  @johnlemoco: 1 times
alycianichole mentions:
  @infamyTVRT: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 2 times
  @AlyciaNichole: 1 times
  @DJ48: 1 times
  @Abeeliever: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
doclg mentions:
  @IamRah: 1 times
  @Journi: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @MsToT: 1 times
  @BrokePimpStyles: 1 times
  @Chinkyeyesz: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @nettagyr: 1 times
javieryn mentions:
  @Mariancolia: 1 times
outro_s mentions:
  @tipuri: 1 times
  @marcelotas: 1 times
huntinglife mentions:
  @WHOutfitters: 1 times
  @VAStateparks: 1 times
  @moultriefeeders: 1 times
missy220 mentions:
  @AngleG76: 1 times
  @ShoeBeDo: 1 times
  @JayLink: 1 times
  @BPageMom: 1 times
  @imjstsayin: 1 times
  @melaniemayron56: 1 times
  @jchronowski47: 1 times
wendyzzzzzzzzzz mentions:
  @IAmDyslexic: 1 times
mustafayusuf mentions:
  @CharlesQuentin: 1 times
  @JenniferHess: 1 times
  @ihatethemedia: 1 times
  @FindOnTwitt: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @Smileyald23: 1 times
  @Mustafayusuf: 1 times
willington mentions:
  @tomllewis: 1 times
  @almacy: 1 times
  @brooksbayne: 1 times
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @ConBrawler: 1 times
  @EdXeno: 1 times
  @mymanmitch: 1 times
  @unterekless: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
  @willington: 1 times
bonggamom mentions:
  @tinyprints: 1 times
  @labeldaddy: 1 times
  @leapfrog: 1 times
  @pbsparents: 1 times
  @activeion: 1 times
jimmylasalvia mentions:
  @CharlesWinecoff: 1 times
  @chrisbarrondc: 1 times
  @JimmyLaSalvia: 1 times
  @GOProud: 1 times
anarj mentions:
  @marcelotas: 1 times
hljames mentions:
  @floris: 1 times
  @vbsetup: 1 times
  @melissameek: 1 times
  @sashapurr: 1 times
  @schucz: 1 times
goodnewscapital mentions:
  @cheapcheapcheap: 1 times
  @goodnewscapital: 1 times
lanasuek mentions:
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
pam_glidden mentions:
  @egapsede: 1 times
  @talktupper: 2 times
tangodivacom mentions:
  @piscoloungeFollowfriday: 1 times
  @TangoDivacom: 1 times
jughed mentions:
  @matisyahu: 1 times
  @zachteibloom: 1 times
projectsafeyard mentions:
  @naturallysavvy: 1 times
oldbie mentions:
  @SlyFlourish: 1 times
  @DMingNicholas: 1 times
  @asmor: 1 times
  @ChattyDM: 1 times
  @Squach: 1 times
  @criticalhits: 1 times
fun4lilli mentions:
  @designosophy: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @fun4lilli: 1 times
kiss_of_depth mentions:
  @youngfranktv: 2 times
  @Adarro: 1 times
  @JuliaAlexander: 1 times
  @kissofdepth: 1 times
tigerfenix mentions:
  @Gripeporcina: 1 times
jess_stang mentions:
  @mikelikestobike: 1 times
  @chinaonthemove: 1 times
ana_may mentions:
  @ChrisSoHOMO: 1 times
  @lezmirandapow: 1 times
darlingnycki mentions:
  @LTLline: 1 times
mark_rivas mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
imnickarmstrong mentions:
  @SpillSpace: 1 times
  @cbs4Denver: 1 times
teresacleveland mentions:
  @Meredith: 1 times
  @VickiKunkel: 1 times
  @CourtneyEngle: 1 times
  @JoshHinds: 1 times
  @WisdomWideOpen: 1 times
  @CheriValentine: 1 times
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
  @SuccessWalls: 1 times
zodogg34 mentions:
  @LittleZoDogg: 1 times
kat5rescue mentions:
  @furyume: 1 times
thata13 mentions:
  @camilobarros: 1 times
  @jampa: 1 times
  @rosana: 1 times
  @AddisonMontg: 1 times
  @Thata13: 1 times
  @Nilda: 1 times
judiwhite mentions:
  @macbuddha: 1 times
kaileyburger mentions:
  @iPRB: 1 times
  @iamSAR: 1 times
flauros mentions:
  @greggrunberg: 2 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
extremerickman mentions:
  @zerbetron: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
sombrera mentions:
  @dalissa: 1 times
  @lisapeet1: 1 times
  @ginahyams: 1 times
  @reneedeluca: 1 times
  @lamyb: 1 times
judydiethelm mentions:
  @GDGOfficial: 1 times
  @CollectiveSoul: 1 times
suerostvold mentions:
  @mikechapman: 1 times
  @daveiam: 1 times
  @mlfnow: 1 times
mdfsmash mentions:
ps1968 mentions:
  @ZoDogg34: 1 times
  @LittleZoDogg: 1 times
robleavy mentions:
  @DWTusen: 2 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @LordJesusSaves: 1 times
  @robleavy: 1 times
  @PraiseJesusMove: 1 times
  @30dp: 1 times
  @deanlusk: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
jcinqo mentions:
  @BlackRicanMa: 1 times
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @JCinqo: 1 times
  @BlackaRicanMa: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
  @TRIMMzGirl: 1 times
  @DAREALLILC: 1 times
buneetomlinson mentions:
  @VivianBoroff: 1 times
bda21 mentions:
  @bowlwiki: 1 times
  @hitman6498: 1 times
  @johncongdon: 1 times
  @rricha2835: 1 times
  @aressa: 1 times
  @Norcalbowler: 1 times
  @afm1374: 1 times
  @TheGuttersluts: 1 times
  @BDa21: 1 times
  @kingbisket09: 1 times
  @D: 1 times
nathanmillson mentions:
  @JLoveSiri: 1 times
tedi561 mentions:
  @N4MAdoptASailor: 1 times
schelmy mentions:
  @gitargirl: 1 times
  @vojha: 1 times
  @Ammidon: 1 times
  @VampireKid: 1 times
  @LittleEdward: 1 times
  @silvifeuer: 1 times
  @GarnetGurl: 1 times
  @FakerParis: 1 times
  @Jedi1123: 1 times
  @FakeLizzie: 1 times
hunthenning mentions:
  @forumdude1024: 1 times
  @hunthenning: 1 times
  @iphonegirl: 1 times
  @loydcase: 1 times
  @macmanianetwork: 1 times
  @upside27: 1 times
  @ijustine: 1 times
  @thomasward: 1 times
  @fleecc: 1 times
  @samskelton: 1 times
xaled mentions:
  @ScottsHouse: 1 times
smuttysteff mentions:
  @monkeedude: 1 times
  @ladyhawk2711: 1 times
  @SadieMae23: 1 times
  @rssanborn: 1 times
  @greeneyeddoll: 1 times
cindyoconnor mentions:
  @freddietastic: 1 times
petiteplanet mentions:
  @jasminchua: 1 times
  @inhabitots: 1 times
  @abidoan: 1 times
  @JillFehr: 1 times
  @jenniferchait: 1 times
marytraynor mentions:
  @: 1 times
paulas_jafra mentions:
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @JuanitaWaterman: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @DaveMalby: 1 times
  @tinatessina: 1 times
  @TimothyCarter: 1 times
  @RandyGage: 1 times
  @jreck: 1 times
  @funfelt: 1 times
xxlontexx mentions:
  @sermonsdomain: 1 times
  @mhthagreat: 1 times
  @misspassion: 1 times
  @youngkingz12: 1 times
  @lowkeyuhtn: 1 times
  @xxlontexx: 1 times
  @2oates: 1 times
stupire mentions:
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @ThankASoldier: 1 times
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
  @tweakzme: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
productionboys mentions:
  @chadrullman: 1 times
the_grilldog mentions:
  @porkbarrelbbq: 1 times
  @JuliaCherryPie: 1 times
  @SkyofLighter: 1 times
  @CiaoLaura: 1 times
  @Gamedayeats: 1 times
  @JustAddBBQ: 1 times
  @BBQGuide: 1 times
  @recipe4romance: 1 times
  @yummit: 1 times
  @DagnyAyn: 1 times
anahamster mentions:
  @vckbee: 1 times
  @30secondstomars: 1 times
  @cracktheskye: 1 times
  @themarsvolta: 1 times
  @dommin: 1 times
  @deftonesband: 1 times
weekendoasis mentions:
  @PCWinery: 1 times
  @pcwinery: 1 times
djfreshone mentions:
  @MyMeesh: 1 times
  @jayElectronica: 1 times
  @djneilarmstrong: 1 times
  @djbeatnick: 1 times
  @djfreshone: 1 times
  @fatbellybella: 1 times
  @sleepinggiant: 1 times
  @questlove: 1 times
sweejak mentions:
kimlw mentions:
  @Shoq: 1 times
  @kimlw: 1 times
poetjanetdawson mentions:
  @zoecello: 1 times
  @buildincomelist: 1 times
  @MsDhoward: 1 times
  @JosephBrady: 1 times
  @kellbell68: 1 times
  @JimmytheJamokie: 1 times
  @mindili: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
jecka mentions:
  @HOTtamaleTRAIN: 1 times
  @dizzyfeet: 1 times
  @kingofkrump: 1 times
astrologylesson mentions:
  @HoroscopeAdvice: 1 times
catwing mentions:
  @lizrose91: 1 times
  @RobinDallastx: 1 times
  @travisb93: 1 times
  @Maxsmomhere: 1 times
  @imbeeyo: 1 times
  @arbonneteam: 1 times
  @Canvasman: 1 times
azleeshy mentions:
  @CharlieRamos: 1 times
  @HalixGuillen: 1 times
synthaetica mentions:
itshav mentions:
  @djmontecarlo: 1 times
  @djpanic: 1 times
  @itshav: 1 times
  @tazae317: 1 times
  @alphaisforever: 1 times
  @djmetrognome: 1 times
ocweeklystreet mentions:
  @ocweekly: 1 times
  @trendzilla: 1 times
  @heardmentality: 1 times
  @muzeo: 1 times
  @laweeklystreet: 1 times
  @OCWeeklyFood: 1 times
  @LikeMeNetwork: 1 times
  @groveofanaheim: 1 times
  @hobanaheim: 1 times
  @pacamp: 1 times
pauldohertyaia mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @DCRBlogs: 1 times
  @tommack: 1 times
  @Iwillfollowback: 1 times
  @GayPatriot: 1 times
  @GMA: 1 times
  @Eleesha: 1 times
  @shellykramer: 1 times
  @mabeliam: 1 times
  @ColorMeRed: 1 times
gparcels mentions:
  @OmarBurgos: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @youromegagirl: 1 times
  @TerblancheProp: 1 times
  @JerryRocco: 1 times
  @arbonneteamRT: 1 times
moeeds mentions:
  @stephenfairly: 1 times
  @stephenfairley: 1 times
spslferg mentions:
  @jcx27: 1 times
  @froward1: 1 times
  @TheRaj: 1 times
  @SereneBalance: 1 times
  @theGreenJAR: 1 times
  @dimensionfour: 1 times
  @workformeonline: 1 times
jeanclaude_ mentions:
  @anitablake: 1 times
  @JasonSchuyler: 1 times
  @nathleopard: 1 times
  @MicahCallahan: 1 times
  @Asher: 1 times
inaclearing mentions:
  @SallyRideSci: 1 times
castellilaw mentions:
  @scottmckay: 1 times
josemanuelr mentions:
  @informe21: 1 times
  @descifrado: 1 times
  @tembloresve: 1 times
  @erinconm: 1 times
  @concafe: 1 times
  @buenanota: 1 times
  @trafico: 1 times
  @noticorp: 1 times
  @noticiasve: 1 times
stazzy mentions:
mousegoessqueak mentions:
  @waynemarkle: 1 times
  @DrJared: 1 times
  @Boyislost: 1 times
  @DMAKron: 1 times
  @EricChambers: 1 times
  @broast: 1 times
  @argylestyle: 1 times
  @ericgrant: 1 times
sarnaa mentions:
  @mkaigwa: 1 times
  @gunnard: 1 times
  @michaelmcminn: 1 times
  @recreate: 1 times
  @gapingvoid: 1 times
  @threebillion: 1 times
  @jordaneasley: 1 times
5thandspring mentions:
  @GrndPerfrmances: 1 times
  @LAMC: 1 times
  @troubleww: 1 times
  @downtownla: 1 times
  @angelenic: 1 times
  @5thandspring: 1 times
  @blogdowntown: 1 times
majestikbtrfly mentions:
  @ArticlesBin: 1 times
  @GinaSprenkle: 1 times
  @itsaboutcash: 1 times
  @Ausiray: 1 times
  @davepitman: 1 times
  @JayePause: 1 times
  @FrankSalinas: 1 times
  @StacyMcArthur: 1 times
  @walterba: 1 times
shinaultjr mentions:
  @redd314: 2 times
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
  @lilgreedy6300: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @Mizztwinz: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
averyhawk mentions:
  @mysticstar: 1 times
sweetie_pi mentions:
  @waveofatla: 1 times
  @SteampunkRings: 1 times
  @soulybarb: 1 times
  @quotesnack: 1 times
  @sweetiepi: 1 times
  @jeremyallan: 1 times
  @whiletangerine: 1 times
cleominette mentions:
  @HerGraceTheCatcatnip: 1 times
  @Artythecat: 1 times
  @buckypg: 1 times
  @PKthecat: 1 times
  @psuede: 1 times
authorlaurasaba mentions:
  @mscator: 1 times
  @TessDickenson: 1 times
  @authorlaurasaba: 1 times
  @LLHanus: 1 times
mellyford mentions:
  @HelloMissJean: 1 times
_jodi mentions:
  @witenike: 1 times
  @Bytor2112: 1 times
forsakenzen mentions:
rushgal mentions:
  @VodkaPundit: 1 times
  @rightwingchick: 1 times
  @tobyrush: 1 times
  @amgrush: 1 times
  @mrowland: 1 times
  @ConservativePup: 1 times
  @thejimjams: 1 times
  @ColoradoRight: 1 times
  @tahDeetz: 1 times
jamaise mentions:
  @leslieveg: 1 times
  @sexismagazine: 1 times
  @drewg78: 1 times
  @jamaise: 1 times
  @valerie2350: 1 times
1mysterygirl mentions:
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @RTHTGakaRoland: 1 times
  @SocialistRant: 1 times
  @pmgreco: 1 times
  @Nitwhit19: 1 times
mikeybathurst2 mentions:
  @lisaaxmariee: 1 times
  @DJRemedy8: 1 times
  @magicmattyo: 1 times
  @MikeyBathurst2: 1 times
  @austinprime: 1 times
  @horse8978: 1 times
struhar2009 mentions:
  @ECullenBound: 1 times
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
  @Cheliki: 1 times
  @vannrdgz: 1 times
  @northernsweetie: 1 times
  @boysforpele32: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 2 times
michaelgass mentions:
  @clivemaclean: 1 times
  @toddknutson: 1 times
  @newbusinessdingo: 1 times
harrydecat mentions:
  @ThePetstreetVet: 1 times
  @bijouthecat: 1 times
  @YoungMrFudge: 1 times
  @SphynxCatBoo: 1 times
  @BabyPatches: 1 times
hupajoob mentions:
minispicegirl mentions:
  @BrittanyMorgan: 1 times
  @minispicegirl: 1 times
  @Lara82: 1 times
pc9 mentions:
  @oslevados: 1 times
  @LeoJaime: 1 times
polldaddy mentions:
  @chad420: 1 times
birk0111 mentions:
  @Bhanks: 1 times
garrylouie mentions:
  @qutequte: 1 times
blueesoul mentions:
  @lavozdeunagata: 1 times
  @JoseManuelR: 1 times
jontymisra mentions:
  @IJCopon925: 1 times
  @camerarec: 1 times
  @timknight: 1 times
  @MarkArchibald: 1 times
  @jontymisra: 1 times
  @RaylonS: 1 times
holberry83 mentions:
  @outpost54: 1 times
  @karlrove: 1 times
  @alexishruged: 1 times
  @brookefraser: 1 times
mirtle mentions:
  @JapersRink: 1 times
  @mlse: 1 times
  @Whale4ever: 1 times
  @forechecker: 1 times
  @DefendingBigD: 1 times
  @PensBurgh: 1 times
  @MileHighHockey: 1 times
_beemichelle mentions:
  @cthagod: 1 times
manamonzavi mentions:
  @djsummitt: 1 times
  @trench: 1 times
docnasty mentions:
  @TheHeartSleeves: 1 times
sugarraindrops mentions:
  @sugarraindrops: 1 times
ren2wavvy360 mentions:
  @Ren2Wavvy360: 1 times
ilyxkina mentions:
  @sportsquota: 1 times
  @StayGrounded@emaginethiz@cyberaries@crystalceleb@ilyxKina@NikiL9: 1 times
jackcpierce mentions:
  @myersauto: 1 times
moviefiend mentions:
  @darkdoor: 1 times
vinigorgulho mentions:
  @marcelotas: 1 times
heidirichards mentions:
kutty60 mentions:
reviews247365 mentions:
  @britneyspears: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @peoplemag: 1 times
  @serenajwilliams: 1 times
plutofactory mentions:
  @plutofactory: 1 times
jnez mentions:
lovehomebiz mentions:
ltskcutie mentions:
  @JayIzzy19: 1 times
  @JoshyCouture: 1 times
  @Karizmakid: 1 times
  @Keneef: 1 times
  @khesap: 1 times
  @LilCrazyJamie: 1 times
  @LTSKCutie: 1 times
  @mendolaflare: 1 times
  @mikeantonio: 1 times
  @MissCiara: 1 times
cherimullins mentions:
  @safegeek: 1 times
  @cherimullins: 1 times
ahlinn3 mentions:
  @RightWingNews: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @KarlRove: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @WendyMCollins: 1 times
  @AmandaCarpenter: 1 times
  @ReesForCongress: 1 times
ttunnell mentions:
  @geekbrat: 1 times
  @MankaCat: 1 times
  @Aibun: 1 times
  @Dirtymoefuggar: 1 times
  @rmichaels: 1 times
  @acebrc: 1 times
ncaamen mentions:
  @cityvol: 1 times
  @thedcsportspage: 2 times
  @sportsguy33: 1 times
  @jacko2323: 1 times
nancyhala mentions:
  @susanorlean: 1 times
jaylawrence615 mentions:
  @djbryantd: 1 times
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @mzdavis: 1 times
  @finessdaboss: 1 times
  @djronb: 1 times
  @stixizza: 1 times
  @deshunsmith: 1 times
  @mastermindmusic: 1 times
  @kingboola: 1 times
  @djdimepiece: 1 times
sfx_gecko mentions:
  @SFXLADYJ: 1 times
  @SFXPALLIDIAN: 1 times
  @SFXGECKO: 1 times
ramz_the_dawnmc mentions:
  @ElyssaD: 2 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @EdWorksAcademy: 1 times
  @YUNGSKOOL100: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @RamztheDawnMC: 1 times
  @missarlene: 1 times
mdpwriter mentions:
  @stephsibal: 1 times
  @lala256: 1 times
  @smbrown123: 1 times
  @maxthebd: 1 times
  @shamekko: 1 times
  @mdpitman: 1 times
tonyblauer mentions:
  @danielhautjobb: 1 times
  @jimmyvo: 1 times
  @kravmascara: 1 times
  @thefightgeek: 1 times
  @tonyblauer: 1 times
  @dustinlebel: 1 times
memofrek mentions:
  @MomBiTa: 1 times
  @memofrek: 1 times
city_of_suwanee mentions:
  @GreenInGwinnett: 1 times
  @CityofSuwanee: 1 times
ashleynilla mentions:
  @kinggucci803: 3 times
  @sevdaproducer: 2 times
  @3kfansite: 1 times
  @Xmarksthaspot: 1 times
  @Ashley: 1 times
tamj mentions:
  @thelocaltourist: 1 times
  @Blagica: 1 times
  @hdaniels: 1 times
broaloha mentions:
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @AndyBumatai: 1 times
  @HawiianKiko: 1 times
  @HawaiiRealty: 1 times
  @USCsmile: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @DJSMook: 1 times
  @JeffWar1: 1 times
thealimonster mentions:
  @twinklegracie: 1 times
rafaelcapone mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @UrbanBiz2: 1 times
  @DenzelBurks: 1 times
  @iranCAN: 1 times
  @rafaelcapone: 1 times
ellenfweber mentions:
  @SmBizGuru: 1 times
missdaffy mentions:
  @misternoodle: 1 times
virgo_audio mentions:
  @TheaterLackey: 1 times
  @kylep555: 1 times
  @travisbedard: 1 times
  @carlbmi: 1 times
  @davecharest: 1 times
  @virgoaudio: 1 times
  @jimonlight: 1 times
prescribed_duh mentions:
  @cruleworld: 1 times
  @RebelSean: 1 times
  @modband: 1 times
  @adacosta: 1 times
  @MooKooJoe: 1 times
  @brandonleblanc: 1 times
  @marcusatmsft: 1 times
  @skipdeez: 1 times
  @Gilly2468: 1 times
  @jarebear: 1 times
shenaniganjenn mentions:
  @TheOtherLeslie: 1 times
  @amberlicity: 1 times
  @tactile: 1 times
  @venusflesh: 1 times
couchsurfingori mentions:
queenkenya562 mentions:
  @HellzYea: 1 times
  @darealtreboogie: 1 times
  @cashuscream: 1 times
  @dollybish: 1 times
  @yungprodigy: 1 times
  @robfetti: 1 times
  @queenkenya562: 1 times
  @cupcakekiss: 1 times
samohhh mentions:
  @damonjr: 1 times
fourthnight mentions:
  @calindrome: 1 times
  @pickleshy: 1 times
  @hrkovar: 1 times
  @atom23: 1 times
frenden mentions:
  @HavokDH: 1 times
heymonet mentions:
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @ColorMeRed: 1 times
  @CzarOfCzarcasm: 1 times
  @jsabella: 1 times
  @MLAS: 1 times
  @vervincent: 1 times
  @HeyMonet: 1 times
  @mijadedios: 1 times
mimojito mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
toadjumps mentions:
  @tabloidterror: 1 times
  @MaraBG: 1 times
  @Ponet: 1 times
  @Toadjumps: 1 times
knorrasky mentions:
  @moviemaker: 1 times
10thamendment mentions:
  @MLAS: 1 times
misspretty03 mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 2 times
  @SunMeditation: 1 times
  @Debbiedee5: 1 times
  @LadyJE: 1 times
  @misspretty03: 1 times
  @tommylandry: 1 times
  @agirlcalledm: 1 times
okcoyote mentions:
  @TPIRhost: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
htownssupasexxi mentions:
  @IamRah: 1 times
  @couturefit: 1 times
  @Htownssupasexxi: 1 times
  @pinkcornbread: 1 times
raenbowpony mentions:
  @PeasandBananas: 1 times
  @MacCheeky: 1 times
  @rikerjoe: 1 times
  @TheRealLeo: 1 times
  @NiksieThePixie: 1 times
nvsicc mentions:
  @ProdByBLACKKFollowFriday: 1 times
  @Geoffruben: 1 times
  @GirlSascha: 1 times
  @PreachAnkobia: 1 times
  @momranscreaming: 1 times
  @AlyxxDione: 1 times
  @kthekrista: 1 times
  @blackhandchaz: 1 times
annwillmott mentions:
  @BrookeLogan09: 1 times
  @wpggirl: 1 times
  @simplowdfan: 1 times
frankbutler mentions:
  @pubeloaf: 1 times
  @testicletoes: 1 times
  @stinkchowder: 1 times
  @fartflaps: 1 times
  @sphincterparade: 1 times
clbuchanan mentions:
  @mountainkat: 1 times
  @rickross: 1 times
  @itrish: 1 times
  @CLBuchanan: 1 times
bobnorton mentions:
  @BarbaraFriedman: 1 times
  @ToddBrock: 1 times
  @mmarkows: 1 times
  @stressfreebill: 1 times
  @BillHurlbut: 1 times
  @conniedr: 1 times
zataylor mentions:
  @spillspace: 1 times
upwardaction mentions:
  @ancmowat: 1 times
  @upwardaction: 1 times
  @ksscooby: 1 times
  @lesperk: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
enchantedtravel mentions:
  @Travelogged: 1 times
jhummrich mentions:
  @CoachHill: 2 times
pineapplegodess mentions:
  @RampageFNX: 1 times
  @MixxedMami213: 1 times
  @NiNisDaShit: 1 times
  @LaLi02: 1 times
  @PineappleGodess: 1 times
  @angee310: 1 times
  @yoyo469: 1 times
  @PricanDream: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @curveba: 1 times
hughnorstrom mentions:
  @problogger: 1 times
  @TwitterTips: 1 times
  @johncmaxwell: 1 times
jasminepw mentions:
  @TheCanaryReport: 1 times
meganlogan mentions:
  @ProductionBoys: 1 times
  @dpillie: 1 times
  @SJRod: 1 times
  @sethsimonds: 1 times
  @DrKeith: 1 times
  @AnishDave: 1 times
  @mmmorganj: 1 times
  @sleeprun: 1 times
  @ladygbd: 1 times
kibitzette mentions:
  @lesserdevil: 1 times
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
  @Pinkomomma: 1 times
  @thehivemind: 1 times
  @ChristieSilver: 1 times
  @judithsthoughts: 1 times
  @kaitfoley: 1 times
  @kaijuisme: 1 times
katarnett mentions:
  @tmackenziephoto: 1 times
  @jasonb3: 1 times
  @rastudio: 1 times
  @venturikarpa: 1 times
  @RafalGerszak: 1 times
markgundlach mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 2 times
  @MarkGundlach: 1 times
  @antiquedays: 1 times
  @PowerSellingMom: 1 times
aundrayc mentions:
  @techchat: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @CynthiaY29: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
  @acceleratewomen: 1 times
qiwired mentions:
  @ImDevilicious: 1 times
  @ASK4ME: 1 times
  @BCESTABLISHED06: 1 times
  @CheeseCake80: 1 times
  @CHINOBANKS: 1 times
  @ch: 1 times
organizedhome mentions:
  @MomsofAmerica: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @organizedhome: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @Mommentator: 1 times
kbkeibi mentions:
  @: 1 times
followthemoney2 mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @ScreamingEagle1: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @todayshow: 1 times
  @GreatestQuotes: 1 times
  @SMSart: 1 times
  @FollowTheMoney2: 1 times
oushadow mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @Owl311: 1 times
  @oushadow: 1 times
  @passionsista: 1 times
  @patjonescoach: 1 times
morenaazucar mentions:
  @TferThomas: 1 times
  @MorenaAzucar: 1 times
soulellis mentions:
  @helenmirren: 1 times
  @ericrightnow: 1 times
lissyvz mentions:
  @tgreyparker: 1 times
  @MarcyRubin: 1 times
burielwebwerx mentions:
  @standup4design: 1 times
  @dcth: 1 times
thebigfella mentions:
  @TraciHines: 1 times
cali_nikki mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @CaliNikki: 1 times
  @accesshollywood: 1 times
  @xplay: 1 times
  @APNews: 1 times
  @ThereinLies: 1 times
  @Melhi: 1 times
corellian_sugar mentions:
  @elizabethdehoff: 1 times
feliciabishop mentions:
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
curtmercadante mentions:
  @seanhackbarth: 1 times
  @erickohndotcom: 1 times
  @ICJL: 1 times
  @jpearman: 1 times
  @dancurry: 1 times
mica4life mentions:
  @finchfrii: 1 times
  @mica4life: 1 times
bluewatervision mentions:
  @shelleyellen: 1 times
matthewneer mentions:
  @standtrooper: 1 times
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @dumbassity: 1 times
  @dmattpreston: 1 times
  @jakematic: 1 times
  @infidelsarecool: 1 times
  @matthewNeer: 1 times
mrcelebrity mentions:
  @maryelleuh: 1 times
  @rydernocks: 1 times
  @BrittDPrivate: 1 times
  @FREERIDERrock: 1 times
  @mattchew03: 1 times
  @tiredofbeingsexy: 1 times
  @skyllo: 1 times
  @verbsnnouns: 1 times
  @fuegos: 1 times
  @restartt: 1 times
winningedge mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
benin mentions:
  @SusanZelinskifollowfriday: 1 times
  @cashmerewoman: 1 times
  @mikehenrysr: 1 times
  @monedays: 1 times
  @edbrenegar: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @MichaelWaisJr: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
angelaavey mentions:
  @marconibologna: 1 times
  @dullym: 1 times
  @chrisgeidner: 1 times
  @dreamindemon: 1 times
  @nomeatathlete: 1 times
mopartnersceo mentions:
  @gailnelson: 1 times
  @dominateadwords: 1 times
  @dmscott: 1 times
  @mopartnersceo: 1 times
  @StephanieTilton: 1 times
4u2behealthy mentions:
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
  @bpfox4: 1 times
  @4u2behealthy: 1 times
jackyan mentions:
  @aileenwilliams: 1 times
bigdaddysgirl mentions:
cityvol mentions:
  @thedcsportspage: 1 times
  @sportsguy33: 1 times
  @jacko2323: 1 times
chhophyel mentions:
  @CoachDeb: 1 times
  @CraigTeich: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @gitomer: 1 times
  @OrrinWoodward: 1 times
donnaridgway mentions:
  @SheonaHG: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @PaintsNature: 1 times
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @donnaridgway: 1 times
  @MattiasInk: 1 times
  @AlaskaArtist: 1 times
  @chromasia: 1 times
  @animallounge: 1 times
csalafia mentions:
  @weschicklit: 1 times
  @TeodoraGesheva: 1 times
  @BentleyBeaver: 1 times
  @KDPitner: 1 times
  @ChristineUSA: 1 times
  @JavierPradilla: 1 times
  @VinoMike: 1 times
  @bloggomomma: 1 times
  @katdish: 1 times
ricktoone mentions:
  @UsborneJody: 1 times
  @MobiStories: 1 times
  @RickToone: 1 times
  @MobiMom: 1 times
  @GradSchoolMom: 1 times
perfectdayntwrk mentions:
  @Goldenorckus: 1 times
  @SLSAMoney: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @fardelpy: 1 times
  @argus27: 1 times
  @NaturaSpiritus: 1 times
  @perfectdayntwrk: 1 times
kismet100 mentions:
  @badbanana: 2 times
songandance mentions:
  @songandance: 1 times
  @Jipsta: 1 times
  @SisterRoma: 1 times
  @FIERCENESSIS: 1 times
  @theboygeorge: 1 times
  @paurubio: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
  @HarveyLevinTMZ: 1 times
rivetrivet mentions:
  @brandedbyhuys: 1 times
  @vrlbmw: 1 times
  @sketchbookinc: 1 times
  @RoseyAwards: 1 times
  @richjoslin: 1 times
  @rivetrivet: 1 times
  @stuphoto: 1 times
  @zeldman: 1 times
blessingsinc mentions:
  @CoachLynDee: 1 times
  @debrasteele: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @harvestworker: 1 times
j_noelle mentions:
  @HoneyDrop74: 1 times
  @007peter: 1 times
ayumiin mentions:
  @michaelflux: 1 times
daviddonde mentions:
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @FrugalBookPromo: 1 times
  @DavidDonde: 1 times
  @Tearsofjoy: 1 times
  @maryellenobrien: 1 times
sage666 mentions:
  @godsgirls: 1 times
  @livinglegends: 1 times
  @luckyovlegends: 1 times
  @therealgrouch: 1 times
  @therealeligh: 1 times
  @sunspotjonz: 1 times
  @murs: 1 times
  @tornadolies: 1 times
tonyajc mentions:
  @Trachena: 1 times
  @paulagroenink: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @jmillerjr: 1 times
  @erikgwilson: 1 times
  @rickosborne: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @2LOVEGOD: 1 times
  @Tonyajc: 1 times
ryanbalas mentions:
  @zennie62: 1 times
eroticheat mentions:
  @theBsideOFme: 1 times
  @eroticheat: 1 times
kinoti mentions:
  @usopengolf: 1 times
  @alfredmutua: 1 times
  @FIFAWorldcupTM: 1 times
  @kinconsult: 1 times
  @gichache: 1 times
xyrenita mentions:
  @MelissaSavcic: 1 times
  @DanielPrieto: 1 times
  @JoseManuelR: 1 times
  @Ktybesha: 1 times
storiesthatsell mentions:
  @aarondelay: 1 times
  @Redheadwriting: 1 times
  @datingdad: 1 times
spacejock mentions:
  @mrtonylee: 1 times
dcdebbie mentions:
  @MarkDC: 1 times
  @dcdebbie: 1 times
natsuki_gamer mentions:
  @nemuxos: 1 times
  @Natsukigamer: 1 times
mommadona mentions:
  @amazingdrx: 1 times
navynews mentions:
  @dapa33: 1 times
  @MCPONPAO: 1 times
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
  @flynavy: 1 times
  @AHTVStar: 1 times
  @andybaldwin: 1 times
  @MADDOnline: 1 times
  @ucanquit2: 1 times
  @AHTVGuy: 1 times
katymoeller mentions:
  @PortlandRain: 1 times
  @NiaVardalos: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @JeffGalloway: 1 times
  @usweekly: 1 times
  @utnereader: 1 times
  @tvfrazier: 1 times
cathleenritt mentions:
anitastone mentions:
nwwineandre mentions:
  @winebeerWA: 1 times
  @Shona425: 1 times
  @WriteforWine: 1 times
  @bricksofwine: 1 times
  @winepeeps: 1 times
  @nwwineandre: 1 times
malakym mentions:
  @idsharman: 1 times
divefinatic mentions:
  @CassonTrenor: 1 times
  @TheEndofTheLine: 6 times
thedarkengel mentions:
  @atransformers: 1 times
  @iXMB: 1 times
  @thedarkengel: 1 times
quotes4u mentions:
  @CynthiaC: 1 times
  @kittiekat28: 1 times
  @psychicSophie: 1 times
  @offgrid: 1 times
  @SwamiScotty: 1 times
  @MSSUNRAY: 1 times
  @cynthialarson: 1 times
  @QuoteDaily: 1 times
  @QuakerQuotes: 1 times
  @quotes4u: 1 times
inkgypsy mentions:
  @nettagyrl: 1 times
  @dolbsterthepoet: 1 times
  @MyraMcEntire: 1 times
  @writerscanvas: 1 times
cynthiapsyd mentions:
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @devoted2HR: 1 times
  @TaraRepucci: 1 times
  @Danaji: 1 times
  @CarinaK: 1 times
reelingwrithing mentions:
  @LiteraryMinded: 1 times
  @NarrativeMag: 1 times
ironocker mentions:
  @epicbillbradley: 1 times
blackittyblack mentions:
  @EAshley: 1 times
  @recipecard: 1 times
  @michaelmagical: 1 times
  @uglyoldbaldguy: 1 times
  @beauche: 1 times
  @DocLG: 1 times
  @LkhotaStrMkr: 1 times
  @TankaBarEric: 1 times
  @acruzer: 1 times
kimibananas mentions:
  @TamaraKeur: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @socialvibe: 1 times
  @peta2: 1 times
  @bluevoiceorg: 1 times
  @cfresearch: 1 times
  @habitweets: 1 times
  @care2: 1 times
  @care2green: 1 times
teenblogger7 mentions:
jbyrdman mentions:
  @gfb3: 1 times
  @bbgeekchic: 1 times
  @gregh19: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @fox10news: 1 times
  @cityofmobile: 1 times
  @nbc15news: 1 times
  @suburbanoblivion: 1 times
  @roguefrenchfry: 1 times
  @redsquareagency: 1 times
heathergiustino mentions:
  @paperlili: 2 times
  @heathergiustino: 1 times
jazzdolphin mentions:
  @ManMadeMoon: 1 times
  @TheHour: 1 times
icarlyfacts mentions:
  @JennetteMcCTeam: 1 times
  @TrainorFax: 1 times
  @MirandaBuzzFans: 1 times
reanim8or mentions:
  @ShanMan98: 1 times
  @y2corbin: 1 times
  @heathertweets: 1 times
  @bigpicture: 1 times
  @bretvesely: 1 times
angee310 mentions:
  @RampageFNX: 1 times
  @MixxedMami213: 1 times
  @NiNisDaShit: 1 times
  @LaLi02: 1 times
  @PineappleGodess: 1 times
  @angee310: 1 times
  @yoyo469: 1 times
  @PricanDream: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
  @curveb: 1 times
kanter mentions:
  @JuanLulli: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
  @jowyang: 1 times
  @kanter: 1 times
  @dbreakenridge: 1 times
  @jasonmiletsky: 1 times
  @armano: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
uppie mentions:
  @HanaBoo2you: 1 times
  @HeadNurse2: 1 times
  @haonly1lauren: 1 times
  @heidisa: 1 times
  @heyitschristina: 1 times
  @hiimsally: 1 times
  @Icametumbling: 1 times
  @ItsJustDi: 1 times
  @itstartsathome: 1 times
eaglesflite mentions:
  @writinginrain: 1 times
nailmusic mentions:
  @AtmosTrio: 1 times
  @ElementsOfJazz: 1 times
sarahtous mentions:
  @bonerparty: 1 times
eltremendo mentions:
  @kindofalark: 1 times
phillip0125 mentions:
  @tokyofan: 1 times
  @CJHatter: 1 times
  @brucepsmith: 1 times
  @bobbytodd: 1 times
  @MisterDude: 1 times
  @sykery: 1 times
  @santi: 1 times
  @gohumble: 1 times
  @SMMpharmd: 1 times
  @MmmMatthew: 1 times
  @drami: 1 times
chrisisbusy mentions:
  @FrankBecker: 1 times
  @axlsiphone: 1 times
  @sabineschmeling: 1 times
  @loics: 1 times
  @thorstenLuttman: 1 times
  @xephir: 1 times
  @dersockel: 1 times
  @KemiHa: 1 times
  @MamaLoud: 1 times
  @wimbauer: 1 times
  @weselpower: 1 times
snt_trading mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
  @newriverone: 1 times
  @speedmonkay: 1 times
  @jnobianchi: 1 times
  @nightline: 1 times
  @HoleInHisEye: 1 times
  @thomscott: 1 times
  @jensenhealey: 1 times
  @KCinWPB: 1 times
xshallsx mentions:
  @davorado: 1 times
bobbieserightp mentions:
  @KimberScott: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
reikoeoh mentions:
  @awakeningstweet: 1 times
mobienthusiast mentions:
  @GoEncinitas: 1 times
  @searchguru: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
edaugusts mentions:
  @SuzCorner: 1 times
  @FollowFriday: 1 times
  @edaugusts: 1 times
chefj_hugh mentions:
  @livinlime: 1 times
  @bakingblog: 1 times
  @savorthethyme: 1 times
  @TheDivaOnADiet: 1 times
  @SomebodysMother: 1 times
  @benekcj: 1 times
  @chefjhugh: 1 times
  @laurasrecipes: 1 times
critter_tv mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
phoenixpwns mentions:
  @ethanluck: 1 times
  @TheYogman: 1 times
  @rockforlife: 1 times
  @livingsac: 1 times
  @TWLOHA: 1 times
  @braveheartaz: 1 times
  @SOGAdino: 1 times
  @savingxgrace777: 1 times
  @llamammama: 1 times
rrutter mentions:
mikeeadams mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
geekmommy mentions:
  @pistachio: 1 times
  @queenofspain: 1 times
  @missrogue: 1 times
  @zsazsa: 1 times
  @zenaweist: 1 times
  @ambernaslund: 1 times
  @katethorp: 1 times
anistorm mentions:
arkhangel mentions:
  @ultratumba: 1 times
  @downnola: 1 times
designsbyonye mentions:
  @Rhonnybay: 1 times
annesu mentions:
  @PoetJanetDawson: 1 times
  @rcdellara: 1 times
  @Annesu: 1 times
  @Jmoon715: 1 times
  @executive321: 1 times
  @crystalpiano: 1 times
  @SalaamFreeland: 1 times
  @theallans: 1 times
athletehabits mentions:
  @AlfredCEBall: 1 times
  @acupunctureLAc: 1 times
  @bizimpressions: 1 times
  @JoanneMatthews: 1 times
  @chuckbrady: 1 times
  @AccessAthletes: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @mikechudy: 1 times
  @motivational: 1 times
liborkriz mentions:
  @petblahova: 1 times
gwoodard mentions:
  @chrismessina: 1 times
  @DomesticSluts: 1 times
  @MariaPerotti: 1 times
pamelasimmons mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @KatrinFraebel: 1 times
  @blondishnet: 1 times
  @LtGenPanda: 1 times
  @RussAdams: 1 times
  @GeekTyrant: 1 times
  @meglyn: 1 times
  @torraent55: 1 times
  @PamelaSimmons: 1 times
  @nicolane: 1 times
citymommyslc mentions:
lomobook mentions:
  @miacsj: 1 times
  @inf3ktion: 1 times
  @pinktonic: 1 times
  @kpeneyra: 1 times
  @mattallenphoto: 1 times
  @KingLomo: 1 times
  @sexyinred: 1 times
  @dirklancer: 1 times
  @hollygable: 1 times
  @liborkriz: 1 times
  @lomobook: 1 times
zen_girl mentions:
  @marlouwal: 1 times
  @dogchatter: 1 times
  @ZenGirl: 1 times
  @keeponwagging: 1 times
  @wilsonbear: 1 times
  @chickybaby: 1 times
  @RichardMarini: 1 times
  @asianlunatic: 1 times
paulrogersphoto mentions:
  @BecThomasPhoto: 1 times
water1st mentions:
  @arunsays: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
  @WWisewolf: 1 times
  @Ecosaveology: 1 times
  @Water1st: 1 times
  @SweetGreens: 1 times
flamewhale mentions:
  @tomokeefe: 1 times
  @therealmarkhess: 1 times
theyost mentions:
vanna_bonta mentions:
  @Annulagirl: 1 times
  @coffeetablepoet: 1 times
  @LoriSinger: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @khopkinson: 1 times
shreyam mentions:
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @SusanBoylesCat: 1 times
  @MyHeARTGallery: 1 times
  @TerranceCharles: 1 times
  @modeling22: 1 times
krystaldawn6293 mentions:
  @othbugs: 1 times
reverendneutron mentions:
ravens9 mentions:
  @davos: 1 times
  @Refugees: 1 times
jerusha mentions:
  @richspeer: 1 times
  @chuckdevore: 1 times
netflixofporn mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @LolaHedoOnline: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 2 times
  @miamibuttsluts: 1 times
  @36dbldz: 1 times
  @MasterVirage: 1 times
  @HoseNHeels: 1 times
  @TBuendia: 1 times
fredharrell mentions:
  @GoldyMom: 2 times
  @barbarosa1: 1 times
  @fredharrell: 1 times
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @1Cor: 1 times
hubcaphalo mentions:
  @mattbarnette: 1 times
  @cleolinda: 1 times
  @saidthewhale: 1 times
onlinedietclub mentions:
  @thefatgeek: 1 times
kaythepal mentions:
  @hjortur: 1 times
  @jaythepal: 1 times
  @kaythepal: 1 times
marywaring mentions:
  @fionahumberston: 1 times
  @candocanbe: 1 times
misssuccess mentions:
  @amp451: 1 times
  @AmourSaRe: 1 times
  @jimmywhite09: 1 times
  @misssuccess: 1 times
  @msohai: 1 times
  @rob100784: 1 times
  @jwilldesign: 1 times
  @trezur: 1 times
dougbuckley mentions:
  @Bonerama: 1 times
kprincess mentions:
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @UCYIMD1: 1 times
  @kprincess: 1 times
  @fringies: 1 times
  @lynshehua99: 1 times
  @MRBUFORD: 1 times
  @ursulas: 1 times
  @javagrma: 1 times
  @hartovdaciti: 1 times
  @CWilSo: 1 times
shartlesville mentions:
  @FatherRoderick: 1 times
  @DawnMarieH: 1 times
  @RonnieWayHowell: 1 times
  @mycatholicvoice: 1 times
  @NCRegister: 1 times
  @MorganJared: 1 times
  @CatholicFoodie: 1 times
  @PoliticsWatch: 1 times
  @EWTN: 1 times
dogwhisperer2 mentions:
lorettan mentions:
  @BeakerBeaker: 1 times
sharepointwrtsf mentions:
  @SPSaturdayCLT: 1 times
  @SPTechCon: 1 times
  @e2conf: 1 times
tcoyou mentions:
  @Dollarish: 1 times
anitanelson mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
ozone503 mentions:
  @darthblazer: 1 times
suzhopkins mentions:
  @sfgirlbybay: 1 times
  @sfgirlbybaygorgeous: 1 times
_nedu_ mentions:
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
  @MickeyTalk: 1 times
  @Navycompass: 1 times
  @CMDCM: 1 times
feemccloud mentions:
  @jimsmeltzart: 1 times
  @feemccloud: 1 times
  @CeciliaBlue: 1 times
  @TearyEyezs: 1 times
  @AlaskaArtist: 1 times
  @JoLoPe: 1 times
  @Farmsteadlady: 1 times
jerryholden_ceo mentions:
  @siddNullus: 1 times
  @sheachambers: 1 times
  @catteadams: 1 times
  @Inspiredfunk: 1 times
  @ifigolf: 1 times
  @jazzzyone: 1 times
  @PGACLAY: 1 times
  @RichardBPenn: 1 times
  @GeoffDicks: 1 times
  @fureousangel: 1 times
webinterface mentions:
  @webstandardsmag: 1 times
cookiemonster82 mentions:
  @PanNORA: 1 times
  @lilicosic: 1 times
outlanderusa mentions:
macvegan mentions:
  @BarkParty: 1 times
ihustledaily mentions:
  @quackass: 1 times
  @iamdjo: 1 times
  @iamfrankiepayne: 1 times
  @iamjessejones: 1 times
  @Iamknaan: 1 times
  @ianandreespinet: 1 times
  @Iceburg416: 1 times
  @ihustledaily: 1 times
  @illkidz: 1 times
  @iluvlo: 1 times
bjshea mentions:
  @TheScottyDont: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @BJShea: 1 times
mkgalvez mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @diabay: 1 times
  @U2FREE: 1 times
  @effperiod: 1 times
  @KPeezy: 1 times
  @mkgaLvez: 1 times
  @viciousVenus: 1 times
gabisworld mentions:
  @4thfrog: 1 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @sssemester: 1 times
  @grumpo: 1 times
  @gabisworld: 1 times
sharonld mentions:
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @kathyireland: 1 times
  @MikeMuranetz: 1 times
  @beulahgg: 1 times
  @NatashaBean: 1 times
  @CaitV: 1 times
musicgoondu mentions:
  @DaveRadcliffe: 1 times
  @silentalliance: 1 times
  @monkmusic: 1 times
  @kathy1kathy: 1 times
  @ramblinglib: 1 times
  @geekonomics: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @lamcproductions: 1 times
lbmedia mentions:
  @BrandonFrame: 1 times
  @allaboutjaki: 1 times
  @LBMedia: 1 times
kevinclamato mentions:
  @CaribbeanKing: 1 times
  @GeoVaughn: 1 times
  @KarlJohnson2000: 1 times
  @FrankieNichelle: 1 times
  @CiaraCantwell: 1 times
  @DjDrewG: 1 times
georgeatha mentions:
  @bobdroog: 1 times
  @luiserpa: 1 times
  @RobMcNealy: 1 times
  @pchaney: 1 times
  @decisionstats: 1 times
  @AxelS: 1 times
jimmypons mentions:
  @baimorali: 1 times
miyagy mentions:
  @ghoyer: 1 times
philipgranger mentions:
  @earthmom22: 1 times
  @chazdrums: 1 times
dbenyehuda mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @ramilgl: 1 times
  @JimmytheJamokie: 1 times
  @dbenyehuda: 1 times
  @CindyLoves: 1 times
alfreddepew mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
rainalufagus mentions:
  @nedrunning: 1 times
  @AbbyMathew: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @powerofpink: 1 times
  @MarisolMercedes: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @beurteilen: 1 times
dmpetit mentions:
  @AllTalent: 1 times
  @ActorsAccess: 1 times
  @ScreenActors: 1 times
  @hunttalent: 1 times
  @PerformerTrack: 1 times
  @PressleyGirl1: 1 times
  @TimothyCaron: 1 times
  @JBMovies: 1 times
  @DMPETIT: 1 times
jefflacey mentions:
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @JimCim: 1 times
  @LovelyLu: 1 times
  @RichardCoffre: 1 times
  @linnetwoods: 1 times
  @mabsj2: 1 times
  @JeffLacey: 1 times
  @SherryCarter: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @Mama: 1 times
  @dequese: 1 times
armact mentions:
  @GrrrlRomeo: 1 times
  @ACLU: 1 times
d33pak mentions:
  @nsane8: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
1stcarolinadjs mentions:
  @productionguy: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @Floors05: 1 times
  @thegoodlife2009: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @ourdailytweet: 1 times
  @CatSea1959: 1 times
ttrg mentions:
  @wigsuperstore: 1 times
  @chadbordes: 1 times
  @victorcina: 1 times
jeremycshipp mentions:
  @fantasymagazine: 1 times
  @catrambo: 1 times
  @scribblequeen: 1 times
  @kaluzaconcept: 1 times
leawhitefeather mentions:
  @rebeccabriggs: 1 times
  @marcellehi: 1 times
maryamwebster mentions:
  @kimnishida: 1 times
  @shaboom: 1 times
  @pcrampton: 1 times
  @shermanhu: 1 times
andycronin mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @reddsmitty: 1 times
  @jesszula: 1 times
  @Mysticle: 1 times
  @abranches: 1 times
  @SiemensBT: 1 times
  @marenc: 1 times
  @budzlog: 1 times
  @Xynny: 1 times
  @hen4: 1 times
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
parisade mentions:
  @liamkay: 1 times
  @willmalley: 1 times
  @PariSade: 1 times
sonsryan mentions:
  @Deetells: 1 times
batonabike mentions:
  @BrendOTron: 1 times
  @skc0602: 1 times
  @batonabike: 1 times
  @Annalla: 1 times
tracy_iglesias mentions:
  @simplyandreah: 1 times
tygerbaby mentions:
  @gaylejack: 1 times
  @chrissyisms: 1 times
  @dropsofreign: 1 times
  @sueissilly: 1 times
  @johnmichaelpix: 1 times
  @wednesdayzchild: 1 times
  @lifeinthegalaxy: 1 times
  @kurtismarsh: 1 times
  @teddysalad: 1 times
polkaspotfarm mentions:
  @mychickflicknet: 1 times
semanticnews mentions:
  @danielabarbosa: 1 times
dawnlambros mentions:
  @PeractoVita: 1 times
  @iTweetArt: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
ryan700 mentions:
  @mphillibert: 1 times
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @alora: 1 times
  @JuanitaEvans: 1 times
  @nicheadvice4u: 1 times
  @Budor: 1 times
  @plantbased: 1 times
abhayagarwal mentions:
  @H3CT0RR0X523: 1 times
thegreenfamilia mentions:
  @therubbishdiet: 1 times
  @bemoreeco: 1 times
  @thegreenfamilia: 1 times
  @myzerowaste: 1 times
  @amodernmother: 1 times
thisgirltv mentions:
  @tr1guy: 1 times
  @strangegods: 1 times
  @MonkeyPunchers: 1 times
  @COCKnBULLcomic: 1 times
  @introducingemy: 1 times
  @LifeWithKreg: 1 times
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
profbury mentions:
lucywhittington mentions:
  @TorreTwit: 1 times
  @LucyWhittington: 1 times
alexbowman mentions:
  @gmd86: 1 times
kleinkram mentions:
  @giesebrecht: 1 times
  @lovedior1: 1 times
  @123beethoven: 1 times
  @hhmtomcity: 1 times
fusionview mentions:
  @justfinish: 1 times
  @IraFromSyosset: 1 times
  @ironbrandon: 1 times
jrkjr mentions:
  @susanyamane: 1 times
  @AndyBumatai: 1 times
  @LanaitheDJ: 1 times
  @CrystalAkana: 1 times
  @GreggHammer: 1 times
  @jrkjr: 1 times
cbreloaded mentions:
  @asmishiphop: 1 times
stevesidewalk mentions:
  @PorkysNYC: 1 times
  @stevesidewalk: 1 times
  @dinadelicious: 1 times
  @TMWinand: 1 times
  @GeoVaugh: 1 times
  @Yuhua: 1 times
  @djjrocnyc: 1 times
bookbuzzr mentions:
  @CarlaJean126: 1 times
  @iMasterTechniq: 1 times
  @tonyeldridge: 1 times
  @kristifuoco: 1 times
  @linc0lnpark: 1 times
  @tuganocafe: 1 times
guitattoo mentions:
  @rodrigolustosa: 1 times
  @ruis3rra: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
  @GiLia: 1 times
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @NunoSarandes: 1 times
  @Adamastorlx: 1 times
  @ncosta24: 1 times
jcred mentions:
  @MikeLaRoche: 1 times
  @rendog97: 1 times
ultrabit mentions:
  @satyr: 1 times
  @FranziskaHeine: 1 times
  @alvarf: 1 times
  @tauss: 1 times
imperious_bab mentions:
  @Premier: 1 times
  @andersoncooper: 1 times
  @djkayz: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @alieann: 1 times
  @Marl: 1 times
  @therealrichrico: 1 times
  @DjRioBlackwood: 1 times
  @SPProductions: 1 times
  @Juanyta: 1 times
hollywood_trey mentions:
coyotema mentions:
tandriamirado mentions:
  @Newsage: 1 times
scholarjack mentions:
tabkoloff mentions:
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @HunterParrish: 1 times
geeniemart mentions:
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @geeniemart: 1 times
  @FreeMoneyCasino: 1 times
  @SusanGilbert: 1 times
  @businessbeehive: 1 times
andivista mentions:
  @dwittercom: 1 times
mikeone33 mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @mikeone33: 1 times
  @RaffaHollywood: 1 times
  @ChubbLove: 1 times
  @JaKaBowls: 1 times
amirtalai mentions:
  @thefutoncritic: 1 times
dealscout mentions:
  @focusvision: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @MrMailman: 1 times
  @synergyblog: 1 times
  @dealscout: 1 times
  @makemo: 1 times
designjojo mentions:
  @planetdigital: 1 times
  @designresources: 1 times
  @designjojo: 1 times
economicmayhem mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @DeanBenninger: 1 times
  @kurtismarsh: 1 times
  @JConstitution: 1 times
  @JackLien: 1 times
  @rbea: 1 times
  @bzaffini: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
stfou mentions:
  @stfou: 1 times
  @rushour: 1 times
comicpauline mentions:
  @ShantiEliana: 1 times
  @gettingrich: 1 times
  @QuakerQuotes: 1 times
  @DominiqueTey: 1 times
  @FastLaugh: 1 times
  @Cathpaincoach: 1 times
  @diabeteshelp: 1 times
  @mbutch: 1 times
  @hjelmborg: 1 times
overtimeagain mentions:
  @mccall49: 1 times
mswithattitude mentions:
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
rickbuhagiar mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @StopChronicPain: 1 times
  @MrsWomanSays: 1 times
  @skashliwal: 1 times
  @SpeakingTech: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
montysblog mentions:
  @hwallop: 1 times
  @pensionsguru: 1 times
  @montysblog: 1 times
drborrowdale mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @CatoInstitute: 1 times
  @igeldard: 1 times
  @marklevinshow: 1 times
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
  @MarketingMutt: 1 times
  @teapartyradio: 1 times
jerseymenus mentions:
  @MetromixJersey: 1 times
toddclausen mentions:
  @jordantimes: 1 times
attawadc mentions:
  @fvnwerin: 1 times
  @northwesternpat: 1 times
  @northwesternsig: 1 times
  @captjohnathan: 1 times
  @CaptPhilHarris: 1 times
  @DeadliestCatch: 1 times
rogueresearcher mentions:
  @GrammarCops: 1 times
markco11ins mentions:
  @depthskins: 1 times
  @designerscouch: 1 times
samadkinshom mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
findingmickey mentions:
marieloua mentions:
  @JenniferPerillo: 1 times
rob_grey mentions:
lindastanford mentions:
  @anymoment: 1 times
peopleunlimited mentions:
  @harvestworker: 1 times
  @PeopleUnlimited: 2 times
winafred_jen mentions:
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
matozoa mentions:
  @aaronselbig: 1 times
  @buffyfest: 1 times
thegreengal mentions:
  @myzerowaste: 1 times
kristinalford mentions:
  @dojau: 1 times
  @frankspencer: 1 times
menagagne mentions:
  @sherikayehoff: 1 times
barbrad mentions:
  @WiiPigSooie: 1 times
gaillamarche mentions:
  @DeborahShane: 1 times
  @BonitaChamber: 1 times
  @ndnnewsdesk: 1 times
  @floridaweekly: 1 times
  @SWFLFPRA: 1 times
  @FloridaTweetup: 1 times
bellaeast mentions:
  @ExpatCoachMeganSocial: 1 times
  @katmobile: 1 times
  @karrianngraf: 1 times
  @Angelaalbright: 1 times
  @eldridge2m: 1 times
  @kickofftopic: 1 times
  @bellaeast: 1 times
  @tinacook: 1 times
gr1teacher mentions:
  @andycrash: 1 times
  @PapaBee4: 1 times
dave_in_fla mentions:
  @AaronGardner: 1 times
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @JadedByPolitics: 1 times
  @erickbrockway: 1 times
  @mikedevinelaw: 1 times
  @VladimirRS: 1 times
  @streetwiseIT: 1 times
  @speciallist: 1 times
brendotron mentions:
  @batonabike: 1 times
bobweisberg mentions:
  @RTweetable: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
rightclickos mentions:
  @EJMDesigns: 1 times
naveenaqvi mentions:
  @razzman: 1 times
  @ammaryasir: 1 times
  @discomaulvi: 1 times
  @DrAwab: 1 times
  @kalsoom82: 1 times
  @faisalkapadia: 1 times
  @sanasaleem: 1 times
  @sabizak: 1 times
  @naveenaqvi: 1 times
jbarnabasl mentions:
  @molzami: 1 times
jamokie mentions:
  @soulshow: 1 times
breukelenbridge mentions:
  @USA4ALL: 1 times
  @breukelenbridge: 1 times
trainmydog mentions:
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @robieville: 1 times
  @BloodhoundNdots: 1 times
  @Jotebro: 1 times
  @halfacent: 1 times
  @OnAirRadio: 1 times
  @Newsage: 1 times
  @HairBoutique: 1 times
timoriley mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @LiviaWeb: 1 times
  @timoriley: 1 times
  @EveryonesMusic: 1 times
  @xrumerdownload: 1 times
justinkdavies mentions:
  @golfnovels: 1 times
  @shelbilavender: 1 times
  @justinkdavies: 1 times
  @tips4golf: 1 times
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
  @rosehwang: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
christnbookvids mentions:
  @cherryblossommj: 1 times
mancinisandro mentions:
joshcoop mentions:
  @fossiesteele: 1 times
peterpanohno mentions:
  @KillerGuitar: 1 times
  @antiquestv: 1 times
  @preservation: 1 times
  @BillFranco: 1 times
  @Macquid: 1 times
  @AntiqueTweeter: 1 times
and1grad mentions:
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
cynluscious mentions:
holly_hanna mentions:
  @bizziemommy: 1 times
  @TheMogulMom: 1 times
delliott13 mentions:
  @331miles: 1 times
  @SubZeroLA: 1 times
  @LatinArtE: 1 times
  @AGPrintMonkey: 1 times
  @Anduina: 1 times
jessicajobes mentions:
  @JukemFootball: 1 times
  @JessicaJobes: 1 times
idloop mentions:
  @MikaelaAngelIconlock: 1 times
  @THANKYOO: 1 times
eftours mentions:
  @EFcollegeBreak: 1 times
mssilhouette mentions:
  @Josette78FollowFriday: 1 times
  @Shaunamomma: 1 times
  @Allaboutariel: 1 times
  @Daincognegro: 1 times
  @mssilhouette: 1 times
  @empwrd4aprpse: 1 times
  @IAMTCOOK: 1 times
carpdata mentions:
  @wingspouse: 1 times
  @hectorarturo: 1 times
  @carpdata: 1 times
hiroboga mentions:
  @DebOwen: 1 times
homeschool mentions:
  @AmishQuilts: 1 times
irenezion mentions:
  @Ginafrangello: 1 times
wildfirebelle mentions:
  @blondediva11followfriday: 1 times
  @WildfireBelle: 1 times
  @saymyname: 1 times
superhose mentions:
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @MaggieKattan: 1 times
  @greenteagirl: 1 times
yancyjones mentions:
  @theclockworkbox: 1 times
  @robertbland: 1 times
  @kittster1: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @ZinhaPintoBull: 1 times
  @YancyJones: 1 times
monkeephilia mentions:
  @tamrinm: 1 times
  @Monkeephilia: 1 times
  @monkeesfan: 1 times
lifewizard mentions:
  @EcoOffers: 2 times
  @sburges2: 1 times
  @lifewizard: 1 times
  @toyotarentacar: 1 times
  @ArtbyJean: 1 times
  @ricklafave: 1 times
techandlife mentions:
  @jrhale: 1 times
pblumer76 mentions:
  @andylevy: 1 times
  @redeyefans: 1 times
  @greggutfeld: 1 times
  @jilldobson: 1 times
  @BillSchulz: 1 times
  @jimnorton: 1 times
buckybit mentions:
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
v_j mentions:
  @TalibTIRM: 1 times
  @DarkGX: 1 times
  @imanwilliams: 1 times
rosegoddess mentions:
  @Herbs2Oils: 1 times
kidchan mentions:
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @FindFutsaLMsia: 1 times
  @KeithKong: 1 times
  @mnmissy: 1 times
  @victorliew: 1 times
  @gloson: 1 times
  @shamahim: 1 times
  @kjllim: 1 times
_santi mentions:
  @dmf71: 1 times
  @chrisfontes: 1 times
  @santi: 1 times
  @ciatiach: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @salleegal: 1 times
  @BlackInformant: 1 times
  @GantsehMegillah: 1 times
  @LisaToddSutton: 1 times
beverlymacy mentions:
  @CatherineRhodes: 1 times
  @BeverlyMacy: 1 times
uncommonwine mentions:
tabitca mentions:
  @enterococci: 1 times
  @christay0102: 1 times
  @shaunau: 1 times
  @suzziequeue: 1 times
  @MadgeC: 1 times
  @lynnesse: 1 times
  @redmummy: 1 times
lo2lu2a mentions:
  @followheidi: 1 times
connie_podesta mentions:
  @HEBHealthIns: 1 times
  @HiTechDFW: 1 times
  @MirrorFinish: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @stephaniec2c: 1 times
  @conniepodesta: 1 times
pwwintershelter mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ricmerrifield mentions:
iambuddelt mentions:
  @bikelady: 1 times
brianirey mentions:
  @PilotsNPaws: 1 times
chadmac88 mentions:
  @derekeb: 1 times
  @chadmac88: 1 times
  @tweetie: 1 times
  @kcrw: 1 times
  @yahoo: 1 times
chronicbabe mentions:
  @Killandra: 1 times
ozman51 mentions:
  @PredsOnTheGlass: 1 times
anu1026 mentions:
  @anu1026: 1 times
  @mjmclean: 1 times
  @RichardDerwentC: 1 times
  @ChikdsPlayToo: 1 times
katejb mentions:
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @jMichaelEdwards: 1 times
  @Everywun: 1 times
  @LaMamaNaturale: 1 times
  @VictoriaKlein: 1 times
  @TheEcoist: 1 times
  @recyclingrick: 1 times
  @proserv: 1 times
  @greenmob: 1 times
glennjimenez mentions:
  @CJHatter: 1 times
  @Wolfrum: 1 times
  @lgbtlife: 1 times
  @JerryCornelius: 1 times
  @glennjimenez: 1 times
  @Zaferroni: 1 times
  @DianaRusso: 1 times
  @GermanAnvil: 1 times
cheriwilliams mentions:
  @cynthea: 1 times
jeffcutler mentions:
  @shannonpaul: 2 times
tanker9o9 mentions:
thesinglelife mentions:
  @TimLussier: 1 times
  @TheSingleLife: 1 times
rafaguerra mentions:
  @bcanato: 1 times
  @bifows: 1 times
kathyetollie mentions:
prhilaryhartman mentions:
  @skariann: 1 times
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
davidbarwig mentions:
  @greenhallorg: 1 times
  @malists: 1 times
  @discountlists: 1 times
  @tmone: 1 times
psychicreadere mentions:
  @BobNorton: 1 times
dragginphly mentions:
  @Delle46: 1 times
  @Greg888: 1 times
  @dirtytractor: 1 times
  @txroadshow: 1 times
  @DaveRobison: 1 times
shawnafennell mentions:
  @johna404: 1 times
lusciouspimp mentions:
  @bitchyliek: 1 times
  @CRYSTALakaTWIN: 2 times
  @CandyGirlCeCe: 1 times
  @GiGiCapone: 1 times
  @Jo3fr3sh: 1 times
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @djsn1: 1 times
  @LusciousPimp: 1 times
pcdoc mentions:
  @lmpotter: 1 times
jimpfaff mentions:
  @sgt50: 1 times
  @KKDur: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @freedom4usa: 1 times
  @waylandsmalley: 1 times
  @jimpfaff: 1 times
  @kyfortaxreform: 1 times
  @goparchitect: 1 times
  @hplar220: 1 times
  @teapartynation: 1 times
eda_eda mentions:
  @INFACTED: 1 times
  @msth: 1 times
  @blondschopf242: 1 times
  @edaeda: 1 times
  @trollzwerg: 1 times
  @netzwahn: 1 times
  @ebmsenioren: 1 times
clutch_22 mentions:
  @BobbieThomas: 1 times
bmoe913 mentions:
  @sportsquota: 1 times
amandaberkey mentions:
  @CookingLight: 1 times
iamasarahpalin mentions:
  @michaeldcarney: 1 times
  @JennyErikson: 1 times
  @Linc4Justice: 1 times
  @juliarygaard: 1 times
tintinex mentions:
  @santi: 1 times
  @GADataGuy: 1 times
  @jasonlivesit: 1 times
  @chicitalianjob: 1 times
  @SethBMC: 1 times
artnmeditation mentions:
  @canopygallery: 1 times
  @ArtofTravel: 1 times
  @ArtnMeditation: 1 times
johannawhyte mentions:
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @JohannaWhyte: 1 times
brneyed1 mentions:
  @goodlaura: 1 times
twesely mentions:
  @mhstoltz: 1 times
  @Suziannie: 1 times
  @Kerblotto: 1 times
  @PaulC12s: 1 times
  @awkwardlysocial: 1 times
  @twesely: 1 times
  @giggloki: 1 times
  @kdiddy: 1 times
sophiagomez mentions:
  @Marquietta: 1 times
  @DanCleary: 1 times
  @KevRightWinger: 1 times
lydiabreakfast mentions:
  @jimmcbee: 1 times
  @bfuller9: 1 times
  @FreelanceFolder: 1 times
cioforumsa mentions:
thetahealermaya mentions:
  @SirLancelotSV: 1 times
  @djc8080: 1 times
vitalflow mentions:
  @MarkHorner: 2 times
  @maureenhorner: 1 times
  @Amanda2610: 1 times
  @vitalflow: 1 times
  @babssaul: 1 times
  @CathyWatson: 1 times
  @samcollinsrome: 1 times
  @EaseStress: 1 times
kodaus mentions:
  @Nextvoice247: 1 times
  @kodaus: 1 times
windshare mentions:
  @ReNewCanada: 1 times
  @FullySustainabl: 1 times
greenhance mentions:
  @maxgladwell: 1 times
  @4GreenPs: 2 times
  @greenhance: 1 times
  @mcmilker: 1 times
  @greensmith: 1 times
davidcesar3 mentions:
  @wbaustin: 1 times
sheilafarragher mentions:
ahndymac mentions:
  @edeanjones2: 1 times
hippygeek mentions:
  @RunPee: 1 times
  @muslidemama: 1 times
  @techraving: 1 times
  @sandraew: 1 times
tjohansmeyer mentions:
mariannalynn mentions:
instruisto mentions:
  @publius772000: 1 times
  @cyndeZu: 1 times
  @CClinger: 1 times
  @philosophytweet: 1 times
  @TheRealChas: 1 times
  @jtmartin: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
christiangadams mentions:
  @SmartHabitsGirl: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @ChristianGAdams: 1 times
  @WylieMac: 1 times
frugalnosh mentions:
  @JulieRasmussen: 1 times
lonekeep mentions:
  @TCusack247: 2 times
  @JumpSnapNation: 1 times
  @LoneKeep: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @JasonPollo: 1 times
smarthabitsgirl mentions:
hello_jodie mentions:
comtweets mentions:
  @bestbuyboca: 1 times
  @morikamimuseum: 1 times
rixkewl mentions:
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @doodleplum: 1 times
  @mszwispers: 1 times
  @mzlani125: 1 times
  @rixkewl: 1 times
eroticknowledge mentions:
  @RaDallasHpc: 1 times
  @LPT365: 1 times
  @AshleeCAnnin: 1 times
caesarpigeon mentions:
  @CaesarPigeon: 1 times
  @BullsEyeDogResc: 1 times
  @sweetbaboo1979: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
djedouble mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @Grin550: 1 times
  @djedouble: 1 times
  @Jeffparkersings: 1 times
  @mdig1968: 1 times
  @KevinAgee: 1 times
  @6iX: 1 times
tinearaujo mentions:
erik_oakes mentions:
  @tinearaujo: 1 times
animal mentions:
  @louisgray: 1 times
raspee mentions:
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @grpetsupply: 1 times
  @pattyfarmer: 1 times
  @wahujen: 1 times
  @Barron00: 1 times
  @Raspee: 1 times
  @KellyGalvin: 1 times
  @EarthLifeShop: 1 times
ajleon mentions:
  @digitaljhelms: 1 times
  @ajleon: 1 times
gerdkotoll mentions:
  @tweetrank: 1 times
marinavillatoro mentions:
  @JetSetCitizen: 1 times
  @theplanetd: 1 times
  @travelogged: 1 times
  @freepursuits: 1 times
  @lifecruiser: 1 times
  @travelwonders: 1 times
  @artofbackpackin: 1 times
kateoh mentions:
  @ImBFC: 1 times
  @deukgu: 1 times
  @dakinegirl: 1 times
  @artisticcontent: 1 times
  @rcbonayatwork: 1 times
  @jindai: 1 times
  @kevinpsb: 1 times
jennsierra mentions:
  @rmaynard: 1 times
  @MinorcanMaven: 1 times
  @steveegg: 1 times
  @jasonhellenberg: 1 times
jimpeake mentions:
  @JimPeake: 1 times
  @NealSchaffer: 1 times
  @Blogdofrango: 1 times
  @JonChevreau: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
shortiezrevenge mentions:
  @ShortiezRevenge: 1 times
markethandmade mentions:
  @saucybirdshop: 1 times
thomscott mentions:
  @GaryLoper: 1 times
ja3mik3_vcrack mentions:
  @JackMobb: 1 times
  @eggvip: 2 times
  @ASamantha: 1 times
  @jackmobb: 1 times
  @chartreu: 1 times
  @nigeriangyrl: 1 times
  @sampatches: 1 times
  @djaaries: 1 times
  @wmeg: 1 times
  @beast86: 1 times
givology mentions:
  @rogerhamilton: 1 times
  @808manong: 1 times
  @officialnikki16: 1 times
toddkraemer mentions:
  @danieleizans: 1 times
soulati mentions:
  @Cheryl528: 1 times
  @Soulati: 1 times
  @msjenniewalker: 1 times
sucka99 mentions:
  @carlyluvsunited: 1 times
moritheil mentions:
  @Benu: 1 times
  @CrimsonRaven: 1 times
  @spiraken: 1 times
elpie mentions:
  @SlimBurkett: 1 times
  @MsKarma32: 1 times
  @rjgeyer: 1 times
aussiesire mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
briannalina mentions:
omnipotentseal mentions:
  @BriannaLina: 1 times
tony5kratchere mentions:
raevenwestern mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
geofftalbot mentions:
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @GeoffTalbot: 1 times
accessathletes mentions:
  @puffadderingFollowFriday: 1 times
  @AlfredCEBall: 1 times
  @acupunctureLAc: 1 times
  @bizimpressions: 1 times
  @JoanneMatthews: 1 times
  @chuckbrady: 1 times
  @AccessAthletes: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
roseyawards mentions:
  @brandedbyhuys: 1 times
  @vrlbmw: 1 times
  @sketchbookinc: 1 times
  @RoseyAwards: 1 times
  @richjoslin: 1 times
  @rivetrivet: 1 times
  @stuphoto: 1 times
  @zeldman: 1 times
hugh_deburgh mentions:
  @PARKPLACEMORTG: 1 times
  @AllisonNazarian: 1 times
  @MarkIsMusing: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @SusanCosmos: 1 times
ask_deadpool mentions:
  @bboyvizion: 1 times
champychomps mentions:
  @rmwb: 1 times
  @dexie: 1 times
  @kitchmusic: 1 times
  @jomembery: 1 times
  @Geniusforhire: 1 times
  @sddubstep: 1 times
  @SITP: 1 times
  @iamgribble: 1 times
  @Droopstar80: 1 times
  @funkomatic: 1 times
  @lightgood: 1 times
chiefhava mentions:
  @cigarchick: 1 times
  @nickwiegand: 1 times
  @ChiefHava: 1 times
  @mpfive: 1 times
  @nicky187: 1 times
  @NashvilleSmokes: 1 times
andrejoanisse mentions:
  @younesbounhar: 1 times
adventureswgod mentions:
  @sarahjclark: 1 times
  @Heycameraman: 1 times
  @KrisKetz: 1 times
  @TVBarn: 1 times
  @AdventureswGod: 1 times
ejly mentions:
  @CarmaSez: 1 times
healthtalktoday mentions:
  @whodeani: 1 times
  @arleigh: 1 times
  @HealthTalkToday: 1 times
  @mumistheworld: 1 times
  @spindoctor84: 1 times
  @Whodeani: 1 times
  @CootieB: 1 times
therealmskris10 mentions:
  @ebordenHU: 1 times
  @VDott: 1 times
  @TheRealMsKris10: 1 times
  @jonctaylor: 1 times
  @JMeMichele: 1 times
i_enjoy_toast mentions:
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @AnthonyRaneri: 1 times
  @fys: 1 times
  @yelyahwilliams: 1 times
  @JTHawthorne: 1 times
  @siskybusiness: 1 times
vanessalammers mentions:
  @LoriSinger: 1 times
  @DianaKhalil: 1 times
  @giographix: 1 times
  @curiouslt: 1 times
  @belola: 1 times
  @JackSimz: 1 times
  @thomasjhardy: 1 times
  @vanessalammersthank: 1 times
hybridmvmtco mentions:
  @BobsRedMill: 1 times
  @jennet: 1 times
  @wendyr: 1 times
  @venomouspotato: 1 times
  @jeannecant: 1 times
  @urbanpaisley: 1 times
  @laurabosak: 1 times
  @hybridmvmtco: 1 times
allanss mentions:
  @ObviousWriter: 1 times
  @allanss: 1 times
returnguidebook mentions:
  @StardustDads: 1 times
  @PRBytheBook: 1 times
  @abookinhand: 1 times
  @RatedGRomance: 1 times
  @BookTower: 1 times
  @KatyBudgetBooks: 1 times
  @DogEaredPages: 1 times
uglywebsites mentions:
  @tonytay113: 1 times
lucymarcus mentions:
  @WayneMarr: 1 times
digitalforgood mentions:
  @nptechblogs: 2 times
harrisonpainter mentions:
  @entrepreneurHI: 1 times
  @harrisonpainter: 1 times
  @mobilehomegurl: 1 times
  @appraiserjenn: 1 times
  @realestatedeals: 1 times
ghbetbeze mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
chriswattsgbr mentions:
  @tweepGuru: 1 times
  @KongYang: 1 times
  @TheSunQueen: 1 times
  @jasonmtodd: 1 times
  @chriswattsgbr: 1 times
princesangelsky mentions:
  @percapita: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @daviddez: 1 times
  @AAHAHelpingPets: 1 times
  @PrincesAngelSky: 1 times
  @violetwrites: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @loft965: 1 times
  @druw: 1 times
employedtoday mentions:
karentweet mentions:
  @vene2iaMy: 1 times
  @juliemountain: 1 times
  @julito77: 1 times
  @justbella: 1 times
  @karenlangston: 1 times
  @karensorensen: 1 times
  @karentweet: 1 times
  @kathygriffiths: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
zudfunck mentions:
immo44 mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @mikiane: 1 times
  @billmwww: 1 times
  @joncombridges: 1 times
  @immo44: 1 times
njhalloffame mentions:
  @premk: 1 times
  @NJHallOfFame: 1 times
  @ekolsky: 1 times
  @pawelbrodzinski: 1 times
  @mjayliebs: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
suebc mentions:
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @AOChiro: 1 times
cre8tivkj mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
wwirelessnews mentions:
  @BYWand1: 1 times
  @MarishaGranger: 1 times
  @WWirelessNews: 1 times
  @HermioneGWeasly: 1 times
  @ByWand1: 1 times
  @ACWRSPP: 1 times
nadianv mentions:
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @dkwalton: 1 times
  @djluv64: 1 times
  @ElaFunk: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
  @thearysim: 1 times
  @only1fe: 1 times
  @NadiaNV: 2 times
  @lalano1: 1 times
  @Ladymojo: 1 times
  @yasexy: 1 times
acweber12 mentions:
  @: 1 times
bidibibodibiba mentions:
  @AlidaPantone: 1 times
  @hrsitalia: 1 times
utterdogwash mentions:
  @fizziebear: 1 times
  @MonkeysBrother: 1 times
yourjobmyoffice mentions:
  @Wiseleo: 1 times
sanlin mentions:
  @Alchey: 1 times
  @luknut: 1 times
a2sm mentions:
sethgoldstein mentions:
robert_banghart mentions:
simonhinton mentions:
  @tweepGuru: 1 times
  @underwearx: 1 times
  @TopFBCheats: 1 times
  @taryOktaria: 1 times
djalmighty mentions:
  @fuseboxradio: 1 times
  @KimEllis: 1 times
  @FlyLikeDove: 1 times
  @Meccadonna: 1 times
  @doitalldu: 1 times
  @danjahone: 1 times
  @tommyblak: 1 times
  @: 1 times
tabizzel mentions:
  @yashved2890: 1 times
  @TaBiZZeL: 1 times
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
leahisabeau mentions:
kirstiscott mentions:
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
focuscatalyst mentions:
  @askdzignFollowFriday@dwellondesignDOD09: 1 times
  @coolhaus: 1 times
  @kogibbq: 1 times
  @barbiesq: 1 times
  @locali: 1 times
  @letsbefrank: 1 times
marika2motivate mentions:
  @kwanzahall: 1 times
  @MsVeeVee: 1 times
  @carltonf: 1 times
  @TheTaxCoach: 1 times
  @misstrista: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
monicabenton mentions:
  @TVExaminer: 1 times
  @russiandiva: 1 times
  @MiracleGoddess: 1 times
  @ElizabethPW: 1 times
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
shnooky303 mentions:
  @MongrelBand: 1 times
  @ajsupreme: 1 times
  @imrniceguy0023: 1 times
  @shnooky303: 1 times
  @sosexy: 1 times
  @animesnob: 1 times
  @empressgina1: 1 times
inspirationals mentions:
  @vickiberry: 1 times
kylejudkins mentions:
  @DannyBrown: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
freedeuter mentions:
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
buzzcentrix mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @Budor: 1 times
  @BuzzCentrix: 1 times
  @GalvanicAgeloc: 1 times
simpleseed mentions:
  @ACCIONUSA: 1 times
dnewman mentions:
  @paulmccord: 1 times
  @Renbor: 1 times
  @bridgegroupinc: 1 times
  @wendyweiss: 1 times
  @saveyouamint: 1 times
  @rebelbrown: 1 times
  @jillkonrath: 1 times
  @davidabrock: 1 times
  @ardath421: 1 times
5jkl mentions:
  @bucketree: 1 times
nyculla mentions:
  @poorgirlgourmet: 1 times
  @frugalcook: 1 times
  @highchair: 1 times
  @palatetopen: 1 times
  @pubradiokitchen: 1 times
  @julienegrin: 1 times
  @confessionsmom: 1 times
  @nyculla: 1 times
lindseymalone mentions:
  @twinelm: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
  @RockingtheRobin: 1 times
  @drscoundrels: 1 times
  @LadyExec: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
bianababinsky mentions:
  @virtualfreedom: 1 times
  @DrMommy: 1 times
  @BianaBabinsky: 1 times
  @AMamasBlog: 1 times
  @alyssaavant: 1 times
kmacmusic mentions:
  @DutchieDude: 1 times
  @KMacMusic: 1 times
filhodevo mentions:
  @kone: 1 times
  @mirandadanilo: 1 times
  @filhodevo: 1 times
  @mbisc8: 1 times
  @douglasantunes0: 1 times
  @faelcartarozzi: 1 times
  @danielsavio: 1 times
  @pagalanxe: 1 times
  @Harpias: 1 times
nuneznoda mentions:
  @ClavelRangel: 1 times
knatchwa mentions:
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
zinhapintobull mentions:
  @jafurtado: 1 times
  @anleite: 1 times
  @joaovillalobos: 1 times
  @CarlosLima7: 1 times
  @LucianoAlvarez: 1 times
  @fhf: 1 times
  @arcebispo: 1 times
  @joaomiranda: 1 times
  @AscensoSimoes: 1 times
amyhungerford mentions:
  @aspiringcouture: 1 times
  @LeelooDogBlog: 1 times
  @sourayafashion: 1 times
  @loxsavvy: 1 times
earlymornin mentions:
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
lokonarede mentions:
  @filipesf: 1 times
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
victorfranco mentions:
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
augustday1962 mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
tramonts mentions:
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
cindyhugg mentions:
  @Erick1970: 1 times
  @ASTDNWA: 1 times
trafficmanaz mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
yagerbomb mentions:
  @LuckyGirl: 2 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @guestbook: 1 times
  @DiyanaAlcheva: 1 times
  @simonmainwaring: 1 times
  @yagerbomb: 1 times
gfriend mentions:
  @greenbiztweets@greenlagirl: 1 times
  @gharman: 1 times
  @debgb: 1 times
  @DianeMacEachern: 1 times
damnpenguins mentions:
  @sonotony: 1 times
  @webdesignfanboy: 1 times
  @sunwukung: 1 times
digitaltalent2 mentions:
  @GVOworld: 1 times
  @digitaltalent2: 1 times
  @BigSeminar13: 1 times
  @dimchik: 1 times
  @ZainBador: 1 times
kbaby1310 mentions:
  @MaggieMae1969: 1 times
  @phoenixfirecats: 1 times
  @MorriganChilds: 1 times
  @sinoo7: 1 times
  @webbie128: 1 times
  @jacs1: 1 times
  @kbaby1310: 1 times
  @EvylEd: 1 times
  @IsisNocturne: 1 times
trafficology mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @SeniorBoomer: 1 times
justbeingbow mentions:
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @ersle: 1 times
vitorflash mentions:
  @fabinhuh: 1 times
philmccreight mentions:
  @cindyhugg: 1 times
  @Erick1970: 1 times
  @ASTDNWA: 1 times
bettylovell mentions:
  @DFWRestaurantWeek: 1 times
villagegardens mentions:
  @florist: 1 times
  @VillageGardens: 1 times
  @petalandbean: 1 times
  @SanDiegoFlorist: 1 times
bestenergydiets mentions:
  @Power2BThin: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @GrowLove: 1 times
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @thedizank: 1 times
  @CariLMurphy: 1 times
  @BestEnergyDiets: 1 times
chefmommy mentions:
  @FoodieTot: 1 times
nsfoodsmemo mentions:
  @feedmedrinkme: 1 times
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
  @muslimvoices: 1 times
  @PaulPoteet: 1 times
  @winepimpscom: 1 times
  @NSFoodsmemo: 1 times
boom8088 mentions:
  @BikerBlond: 1 times
modelchick mentions:
  @hazeiam: 1 times
skriptkeeper mentions:
  @LeahChantelle: 1 times
  @CrackneyLove: 1 times
  @missdestructo: 1 times
  @agentlover: 1 times
  @skriptkeeper: 1 times
  @katgeorge: 1 times
  @McCainBlogette: 1 times
happycatholic mentions:
  @Gen215: 1 times
  @andychrism: 1 times
  @PatriceEgging: 1 times
  @AdoroteDevote: 1 times
  @pilgrim525: 1 times
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @TexPatriot: 1 times
  @RealCatholicMen: 1 times
  @spiritualite: 1 times
maxkhazanovich mentions:
  @AnnieStrack: 1 times
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @business2press: 1 times
  @garydale: 1 times
digicreative mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @Kaizenkate: 1 times
  @GeekPolice: 1 times
  @digiCreative: 1 times
  @MorganMadison: 1 times
the_illatino mentions:
  @Popularoutcasts: 1 times
  @vile4ever: 1 times
  @theillatino: 1 times
  @CThmpsn18: 1 times
  @Fratboiphresh: 1 times
  @jListltd: 1 times
  @SteffieB83: 1 times
da_wiz_kid mentions:
  @breatheitin: 3 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @digidreamgrafix: 1 times
  @dawizkid: 1 times
blraviation mentions:
  @dan360man: 1 times
  @danwebbage: 1 times
staceymahoney mentions:
  @SimplyQua: 1 times
  @TheIronVoice: 1 times
  @DJ48: 1 times
  @AsiaBrands: 1 times
  @elaineong: 1 times
  @TrenchTownOdds: 1 times
latinagirl92 mentions:
  @tikket: 1 times
chillirosie mentions:
  @ConfessionsMom: 1 times
mollydigcat mentions:
farmingfriends mentions:
  @naughtymutt: 1 times
kerrylroberts mentions:
  @TruthsCompany: 1 times
  @kerrylroberts: 1 times
captiveculture mentions:
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @jeriova: 1 times
  @GuildWars: 1 times
  @chyeadrian: 1 times
  @CaptiveCulture: 1 times
marketingmel mentions:
  @SweetSoaps: 1 times
  @MalexMB: 1 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
bisleya mentions:
  @francismata: 1 times
  @joaobem: 1 times
kristosbaby mentions:
  @RealBillBailey: 1 times
artsobczak mentions:
tutu4lulu mentions:
  @jas509: 1 times
looney_mesh mentions:
  @Studmisile: 1 times
stefanjensen mentions:
  @XniX: 1 times
rdmastk347 mentions:
  @AbundantEnergy: 1 times
  @LCassidy: 1 times
  @CarlaJohnson: 1 times
  @virtualjenn: 1 times
  @JeffgroSolar: 1 times
  @ChadALevitt: 1 times
  @PalmBeachPost: 1 times
  @wendypbarsell: 1 times
funneldesign mentions:
  @nonsensesociety: 1 times
  @funneldesign: 1 times
  @artbynemo: 1 times
  @vp31det: 1 times
  @hashphoto: 1 times
  @mistyleeolsen: 1 times
  @jordandoell: 1 times
  @wadeword: 1 times
lostintech mentions:
pcuevents mentions:
  @QwiLite: 1 times
badsmiley mentions:
rjarvis mentions:
  @wwcasey: 1 times
  @RJarvis: 1 times
  @STipton: 1 times
  @Christopherhire: 1 times
stefaneyram mentions:
  @AnnePMitchell: 1 times
d_sullivan mentions:
  @TonyRinaldis: 1 times
culiacan mentions:
  @Punksolid: 1 times
  @criizmejia: 1 times
amievoltaire mentions:
  @MarianCutler: 1 times
makemployment mentions:
jessjohnston mentions:
  @stylemeprettyfollowfriday: 1 times
  @justinmarantz: 1 times
  @GourmetInvites: 1 times
  @wedvert: 1 times
  @jessjohnston: 1 times
  @heatherkincaid: 1 times
tradeja mentions:
  @bernastar: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @SandyGuerriere: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @VeggieChefMayra: 1 times
wildmountain mentions:
  @JeriWB: 1 times
  @WildMountain: 1 times
reallycoldice mentions:
pjend mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
rhondawheatley mentions:
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
  @boris143: 1 times
  @Haaksman304: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
twittinlife2you mentions:
  @Iwillfollowback: 1 times
  @shawtyreg: 1 times
columbiaentprog mentions:
  @MattWang97: 1 times
itvibes mentions:
  @vimel: 1 times
  @itvibes: 1 times
  @bbgeeks: 1 times
  @pmstudent: 1 times
  @Werkadoo: 1 times
uniquelyquince mentions:
  @theeventlady: 1 times
bizz_y_bee mentions:
  @simonmc: 1 times
featherliteinc mentions:
armywifenetwork mentions:
fabmissk mentions:
  @Lightdesign: 1 times
zentreehouse mentions:
  @HypnoticYogi: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @hardings930: 1 times
timtext mentions:
osmarjardim mentions:
  @ftitrailblazer: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
  @cloudspark: 1 times
  @JJReich: 1 times
  @politics: 1 times
  @osmarjardim: 1 times
h3ct0rr0x523 mentions:
  @moneyinxxx: 1 times
  @DMAKron: 1 times
  @Zummin: 1 times
  @H3CT0RR0X523: 1 times
  @PokerStacey: 1 times
  @RTpoker: 1 times
  @KatieDoesIt: 1 times
  @pokr: 1 times
randum20 mentions:
  @SusanOrchard: 1 times
danceadvantage mentions:
  @sayitwithecards: 1 times
  @Weinberg81: 1 times
mrleroylee mentions:
  @mjlefevre: 1 times
marylmorris mentions:
  @dirswasti: 1 times
angeleffects mentions:
  @TWILIGHTINFO: 1 times
epingle mentions:
  @fratel: 1 times
brianclements mentions:
  @TheEntertainer: 1 times
  @sswayze: 1 times
  @zcrantz: 1 times
  @MatthewNeer: 2 times
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
stefaniehartman mentions:
  @nowareland: 1 times
  @DHarmer4USHouse: 1 times
  @KatrinaPeluso: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
agelessarbonne mentions:
  @playbigstocks: 2 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @SheltieWorld: 1 times
coolgolfstuff mentions:
  @playbigstocks: 2 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @SheltieWorld: 1 times
dogloversroom mentions:
  @KatieBichon: 1 times
  @AgoShangri: 1 times
  @Vangillia: 1 times
  @dogloversroom: 1 times
  @BeckhamDDog: 1 times
  @ChildPerson: 1 times
  @KeepPetSafe: 1 times
shenheng mentions:
  @simontay78: 1 times
buieart mentions:
  @ABrooklynArtist: 1 times
danmhall mentions:
  @erikemery: 1 times
  @tacomatech: 1 times
flagstaff_comm mentions:
  @mikerdzign: 1 times
  @Solop: 1 times
  @canyoneers: 1 times
  @JeffreyCHall: 1 times
  @FlagSymphony: 1 times
  @PaulaMonthofer: 1 times
  @PIOGreg: 1 times
  @JeterBugg: 1 times
  @alew: 1 times
  @FlagstaffComm: 1 times
goalbusters mentions:
  @mikerdzign: 1 times
  @Solop: 1 times
  @canyoneers: 1 times
  @JeffreyCHall: 1 times
  @FlagSymphony: 1 times
  @PaulaMonthofer: 1 times
  @HEEF: 1 times
  @PercivalLowell: 1 times
  @KUYI: 1 times
  @FlagstaffComm: 1 times
heef mentions:
  @GoalBusters: 1 times
  @Solop: 1 times
  @canyoneers: 1 times
  @HopiFound: 1 times
  @FlagSymphony: 1 times
  @PaulaMonthofer: 1 times
  @HEEF: 1 times
  @PercivalLowell: 1 times
  @KUYI: 1 times
  @FlagstaffComm: 1 times
consale mentions:
  @aviationsteve: 1 times
andrewerandall mentions:
  @andrewerandall: 1 times
p_ka mentions:
  @HannoverUnlimit: 1 times
web20empire mentions:
  @mindili: 1 times
haydensikh mentions:
  @MaurizioC: 1 times
bikeindia mentions:
  @HemantDua: 1 times
asinglewahm mentions:
  @bersheba: 1 times
ion_poodle mentions:
  @annatalerico: 2 times
  @ionpoodle: 1 times
  @meganleap: 1 times
  @justintalerico: 1 times
  @chiefmartec: 1 times
  @frobestyle: 1 times
  @mhickford: 1 times
  @beaglemagnet: 1 times
7wondersin7days mentions:
  @totruck: 1 times
  @7wondersIn7days: 1 times
  @DocNicole: 1 times
  @Sheilaethier: 1 times
wellhonestlynow mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @adair: 1 times
luze2006 mentions:
  @jantoomer: 1 times
joeblacksocks mentions:
taraleighcobble mentions:
  @youngdaniel: 1 times
gregorykorte mentions:
  @markschaver: 1 times
employedagain mentions:
rojahs mentions:
  @mindili: 1 times
gpmpk mentions:
  @rqc: 1 times
  @TimrTebow: 1 times
employmentbyme mentions:
jpwriter mentions:
  @domainvestors: 1 times
corymathews mentions:
  @asalazar7: 1 times
rory_a mentions:
  @eternalsnowcom: 1 times
rkymtnguy mentions:
  @rossdecker: 1 times
  @RkyMtnGuy: 1 times
codegenie mentions:
  @LORISF: 1 times
  @mylapa: 1 times
  @codegenie: 1 times
  @amirk25: 1 times
  @djdownsouth838: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @nicolioso: 1 times
o0omunkieo0o mentions:
jpapakalos mentions:
  @jasonalba: 1 times
  @ttoth: 1 times
evilgrrl mentions:
dndrnkrd mentions:
  @BlankSky: 1 times
  @replies: 1 times
beedowden mentions:
  @arienette: 1 times
  @afinefrenzy: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
  @moonfrye: 1 times
  @ICHCheezeburger: 1 times
drgoddess mentions:
  @jdp23: 1 times
  @DinkyShop: 1 times
  @digitalsista: 1 times
  @drgoddess: 1 times
  @ctyler1420: 1 times
  @xiape: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
tweetmyjobs mentions:
kelly_smith01 mentions:
  @tweetmyjobs: 1 times
sainath4you mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
scotclark mentions:
  @socialmedia2day: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dhskee mentions:
  @Wordlotto: 1 times
newtonianphysic mentions:
vu254 mentions:
  @techchat: 1 times
  @DJBigApple: 1 times
holman mentions:
  @calendar: 1 times
theparadiddler mentions:
  @RushCon: 1 times
  @theparadiddler: 1 times
  @DrumChannel: 1 times
fcnp_natalie mentions:
  @vdobbin: 1 times
kaggyratbags mentions:
wjaegel mentions:
  @BridgetCooKs: 1 times
ryanmeray mentions:
i140 mentions:
tcrtdal mentions:
  @loveandgluttony: 1 times
capaction mentions:
  @miccheckradio: 1 times
  @ninanyc: 1 times
  @wonkroom: 1 times
  @amprog: 1 times
  @thinkprogress: 1 times
  @scienceprogress: 1 times
  @climateprogress: 1 times
stacilee247 mentions:
mylifecoach mentions:
mae37 mentions:
  @RyanSisson: 1 times
  @kids4burma: 1 times
neets68 mentions:
  @afairygodmother: 1 times
  @alwaysred: 1 times
  @babssaul: 1 times
  @badhousewife: 1 times
  @balloonbaboon: 1 times
  @crg: 1 times
  @bellelulu: 1 times
  @crissyrob: 1 times
  @bibletbum: 1 times
  @carcaredirect: 1 times
ruthsias mentions:
  @alferretti: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
schwartznow mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
bbuenviaje mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
alyu76 mentions:
  @hoteltransition: 1 times
thechatpage mentions:
  @joelgoodman: 1 times
  @danceashleylove: 1 times
  @jamesaa49: 1 times
  @waysideviolet: 1 times
  @peterelmore: 1 times
  @zachtchadwick: 1 times
  @benotten: 1 times
  @celske1: 1 times
  @surfacedeep: 1 times
thehollywoodhoe mentions:
  @fransi4real: 1 times
  @lukasrossi: 1 times
tanyalees mentions:
s_uccess mentions:
sampsa mentions:
rvinay88 mentions:
  @aryanscourge: 1 times
  @smanikandan1987: 1 times
  @sakthikannan25: 1 times
  @PlaneMad: 1 times
  @sakthidharan: 1 times
  @grader: 1 times
  @ravimohanv: 1 times
  @wanderingmaiden: 1 times
  @sriganesh: 1 times
snowhand mentions:
  @twitter: 1 times
cathdaley mentions:
  @JennyFlintoft: 1 times
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
id084895 mentions:
oldworldlimited mentions:
  @MelissaSpecken: 1 times
thelifehackpost mentions:
  @TweetCaroline: 1 times
  @YourChessCoach: 1 times
  @ShannonGrissom: 1 times
  @darkblue106: 1 times
  @russellmlewis: 1 times
  @trueblud: 1 times
  @GoRVing: 1 times
  @AmyLaRee: 1 times
  @MikeArgi: 1 times
webdesignleads mentions:
  @Yooner: 1 times
garotanfl mentions:
  @PauloESPN: 1 times
magiesplace mentions:
  @PetFoodCoupons: 1 times
  @KnowsEbay: 1 times
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @EvangelistMark: 1 times
  @chrisrbrown: 1 times
jandofabrics mentions:
  @LaurelHarper: 1 times
  @isellblackshear: 1 times
tweetnotpurge1 mentions:
  @luisgalarza: 1 times
bwroanoke mentions:
  @stewartb2b: 1 times
  @BWRoanoke: 1 times
checkers mentions:
jachism mentions:
  @KaciHill: 1 times
  @jachism: 1 times
coooltush mentions:
  @ishme3t: 1 times
swap_team mentions:
adaptick mentions:
  @adaptick: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
samversionone mentions:
  @artichokedart: 1 times
pinkginghamom mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
angelicvampira mentions:
  @hazelgreenluv: 1 times
sprinttri mentions:
richokinetic mentions:
  @brontesaurus: 1 times
alfinetando mentions:
  @twittess: 1 times
vanpatino mentions:
  @Neto: 1 times
  @millorfernandes: 1 times
minabtweet mentions:
  @bbuenviaje: 1 times
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
juliet3km mentions:
shopgenes mentions:
  @orbitbaby: 1 times
  @letsgostrolling: 1 times
  @thelandofnod: 1 times
  @juvenileshop: 1 times
  @mbeans: 1 times
  @shopgenes: 1 times
aleksfelipe mentions:
  @bombthecongress: 1 times
clicktokill mentions:
  @uniquefrequency: 1 times
  @debbieseraphina: 1 times
  @hipnotica: 1 times
  @BoltClock: 1 times
  @lisacu00: 1 times
  @allquirknoplay: 1 times
zyber17 mentions:
bookbday mentions:
  @TheBookseller: 1 times
alpacafarmgirl mentions:
  @topfollowfriday: 1 times
  @alpacafarmgirl: 1 times
lynnsherwood mentions:
  @TheBooksellerWill: 1 times
madelinevo mentions:
  @drewdellinger: 1 times
leviataniac mentions:
  @sgleithmann: 1 times
silverwillem mentions:
  @teberge: 1 times
  @FruitfulVine2: 1 times
  @MindPowerCoach@Fitcoach2007: 1 times
  @stephenkruiser: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @silverwillem: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
fakemansell mentions:
  @fakesenna: 1 times
  @schofe: 1 times
janlemkow mentions:
  @SNICKER386: 1 times
  @ItsMeOrTheDog: 1 times
  @BingFutch: 1 times
  @RoseGoddess: 1 times
  @Tastelikecrazy: 1 times
  @FlaglerBeach: 1 times
  @bridgeworkpics: 1 times
tweetfunnel mentions:
  @ESPNtenis: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @ESPNTDF: 1 times
mywherehaus mentions:
  @NicoleDean: 1 times
audiohelden mentions:
  @Hadmar: 1 times
jessewilkins mentions:
  @sgtgrit: 1 times
victoriahamburg mentions:
  @FrauElise: 1 times
sarthakganguly mentions:
  @sarthakganguly: 1 times
pindablet mentions:
rennguerr mentions:
  @RennGuerr: 1 times
  @kathykeefe: 1 times
  @kinaton: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @ATsLady: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
mbaas mentions:
  @wimbauer@FrauElise: 1 times
bradatslice mentions:
  @RedNoseDayOz: 1 times
  @mrsblack: 1 times
  @ChrisPennisi: 1 times
  @JoBabybliss: 1 times
  @BellyBellyNews: 1 times
  @sealavie: 1 times
  @oceanid3001: 1 times
garconpro mentions:
  @mofas: 1 times
  @icekilla: 1 times
  @RAUB: 1 times
  @AndreyD: 1 times
  @Bahtin: 1 times
  @marillin: 1 times
  @NTRUMMI: 1 times
  @Lenika: 1 times
  @Stankina: 1 times
  @TolyaMBA: 1 times
  @horno: 1 times
  @AnnaBushueva: 1 times
  @RealMarla: 1 times
nml_live mentions:
  @hayleyjfoster: 1 times
  @SunSetsFringe: 1 times
  @NMLLive: 1 times
  @musicfeeds: 1 times
rafaellanunes mentions:
  @vimello: 1 times
  @hajacoracao: 1 times
mrrickwaghorn mentions:
  @alexdeve: 1 times
  @kentgoldman: 1 times
  @mattwaring: 1 times
  @addiply: 1 times
  @koci: 1 times
  @3bucn: 1 times
  @CeeJayMcleod: 1 times
  @andyrc: 1 times
jeremydumont mentions:
heleneodenjung mentions:
  @wieselgren: 1 times
  @brittasvensson: 1 times
  @politikerlilith: 1 times
  @nicecap: 1 times
  @gjona: 1 times
nikketti mentions:
  @RockBandDJ: 1 times
samblak mentions:
  @amassey74: 1 times
denisewarfe mentions:
  @OwaisIqbal: 1 times
  @denisewarfe: 1 times
ggiraudy mentions:
  @coreAPPLER: 1 times
craigadolph mentions:
  @pfunnel: 1 times
  @thebrockoli: 1 times
  @philbilbrough: 1 times
socialnate mentions:
  @TheDingle: 1 times
  @gcgreg: 1 times
packers4 mentions:
  @AmberCadabra: 1 times
  @mikestuchbery: 1 times
  @TrueGem: 1 times
  @CarysAnn: 1 times
  @MishMosh79: 1 times
  @kick2kick: 1 times
  @kellyolexa: 1 times
  @rebeccalange: 1 times
  @danielando: 1 times
  @seancallanan: 1 times
craigmshaw mentions:
  @zdarsky: 1 times
willemrt mentions:
  @soldierbeetle: 1 times
rozd mentions:
  @Amarlarian: 1 times
  @corinnebailey: 1 times
kellymoltzen mentions:
  @charitywater: 2 times
  @PIHorg: 1 times
gayadoptiondad mentions:
  @LeeWarrenDJ: 1 times
  @alexmercerscott: 1 times
busylady17 mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
spookyet mentions:
  @EntirelyKiwi: 1 times
mowerrazor mentions:
  @mainTrias: 1 times
  @ClipHead: 1 times
  @EMetalQueen94: 1 times
  @TheDogman: 1 times
  @geschenkefieber: 1 times
  @THRONMOVIES: 1 times
  @THRONWORLD: 1 times
  @pigvision: 1 times
  @marwaykit: 1 times
  @epicwinrar: 1 times
helenhames mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
ddsd mentions:
  @DDsD: 1 times
soulsoup mentions:
  @arulkumaran: 1 times
  @arulprasad: 1 times
  @kaashif: 1 times
  @shinchi: 1 times
  @satishas: 1 times
n0tin mentions:
  @SociallyCubed: 1 times
supertriviaguy mentions:
  @drkatrinawarren: 1 times
  @JoanneRighetti: 1 times
katykat mentions:
  @willozap: 1 times
  @theyellowbrickroad: 1 times
  @thepiedpiper: 1 times
  @yournose: 1 times
  @theleader: 1 times
simplyalive mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
  @AlFerrettiMaking: 1 times
chai_guy mentions:
  @divadanielle: 1 times
rimels mentions:
  @katelynrix: 1 times
  @rimels: 1 times
stephengradwick mentions:
  @NicolaWilts: 1 times
  @billingtonart: 1 times
  @Worldarts: 1 times
  @EmmaMcLaughlan: 1 times
  @robertpatrick: 1 times
sustainablecook mentions:
  @floraconfection: 1 times
bortflancrest mentions:
mspecht mentions:
  @bortflancrest: 1 times
tenpercentdown mentions:
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @Petfly: 1 times
  @Paulsheman: 1 times
  @TwittGorilla: 1 times
  @honeybeee10: 1 times
  @ProfitsRGood: 1 times
  @tmaduri: 1 times
  @pollsguru: 1 times
  @CharmCityDraw: 1 times
malvaradoamado mentions:
  @amadocupello: 1 times
aswaflygal mentions:
  @GWPStudio: 1 times
sabra14 mentions:
  @c21sftu: 1 times
  @SoyGoy: 1 times
tiffanymicheiie mentions:
  @TwilightLexicon: 1 times
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
java4two mentions:
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @Gilly42: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @TraciKnoppe: 1 times
  @paulmason10538: 1 times
  @WinningEdge: 1 times
john_stiles mentions:
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @PrincesAngelSky: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @ponet: 1 times
foleymo mentions:
  @freshjendizzle: 1 times
cherylcatherine mentions:
  @adaptick: 1 times
  @cherylcatherine: 1 times
  @dimensionofmind: 1 times
thenucreative mentions:
  @lisasonorabeam: 1 times
jantokjo mentions:
  @unrealg: 1 times
  @gjona: 1 times
  @nicecap: 1 times
  @arbeiderpartiet: 1 times
  @jarleh: 1 times
  @SteinarJOlsen: 1 times
sylvinhagatto mentions:
  @LazaroSP: 1 times
  @SrtaCamila: 1 times
  @pesanervos: 1 times
  @misstulipa: 1 times
  @Ronayb: 1 times
  @samara7days: 1 times
  @paulofelippe: 1 times
  @lovemaltine: 1 times
  @gabrielarolim: 1 times
  @adaniella: 1 times
baclaran mentions:
  @jimparedes: 1 times
  @pzyched: 1 times
  @greenmanggo: 1 times
  @miksas: 1 times
  @hazzzey: 1 times
  @ilovewowowee: 1 times
  @imerika: 1 times
  @theremymarie: 1 times
  @playitlikebecks: 1 times
designdhaval mentions:
  @boxofcrayons: 1 times
fearfuldogs mentions:
itsdawns mentions:
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
  @technological1: 1 times
  @ItsDawns: 1 times
happyhotelier mentions:
  @ClaudeBenard: 1 times
  @denschaal: 1 times
kippras mentions:
  @ConversationAge: 1 times
bluejdmba mentions:
  @beijingdaze: 1 times
chris_leung mentions:
  @breningstall: 1 times
  @GarySoup: 1 times
  @stinson: 1 times
  @xiaoyi: 1 times
  @leonacraig: 1 times
  @raykwong: 1 times
  @MalcolmMoore: 1 times
drkisane mentions:
  @wealthevite: 1 times
ulrichfla mentions:
  @ConversationAge: 1 times
kjoneskc mentions:
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
bill_talbert mentions:
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
cajem0323 mentions:
  @alex98angie: 1 times
boernesearch mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @clementyeung: 1 times
  @HowlingWoman: 1 times
  @petscribbles: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @ksscooby: 1 times
  @BoerneMD: 1 times
  @BoerneSearch: 1 times
  @Nitebird1121: 1 times
kakau mentions:
  @rodrigohilbert: 1 times
peepsie22 mentions:
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @raydawg13: 1 times
  @stonerstuff: 1 times
  @hailmaryjane: 1 times
  @hydroponicsinc: 1 times
  @amlsislove: 1 times
  @hydroponicsgear: 1 times
  @positi: 1 times
starstruk mentions:
  @EdWorksAcademy: 2 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @StarStruk: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
2guystalking mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @2guystalking: 1 times
  @tvrollergirls: 1 times
  @dmiller23: 1 times
  @lvcitylife: 1 times
imbeeyo mentions:
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @JoyceSchneider1: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @DivaTomboy: 1 times
  @dralaterdzo: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @writinginrain: 1 times
  @RandomReTwit: 1 times
kessbird mentions:
  @onlinefiction: 1 times
  @gabrielgadfly: 1 times
  @acetachyon: 1 times
  @daltonox: 1 times
  @ironman1176: 1 times
  @reyben: 1 times
  @nispt: 1 times
  @windy: 1 times
  @sahunter: 1 times
dalegoodridge mentions:
  @rockon365: 1 times
  @thespacepoet: 1 times
  @dalegoodridge: 1 times
meli_rentcomfy mentions:
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @GloAnderson: 1 times
  @tonpascal: 1 times
  @BerryVEE: 1 times
  @lowratesearch: 1 times
  @MeliRentComfy: 1 times
art_news mentions:
modelsupplies mentions:
thedyb mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @sparklemonique: 1 times
  @susancosmos: 1 times
  @newhorizon72: 1 times
  @thedyb: 1 times
  @wedefygravity: 1 times
  @expertimage: 1 times
  @thejstandard: 1 times
  @: 1 times
teddib mentions:
  @lewisusher: 1 times
  @petereckel: 1 times
  @FMS182: 1 times
  @ajpower: 1 times
  @michaellington: 1 times
  @jakeashley: 1 times
  @stevexwest: 1 times
  @mynameislloyd: 1 times
  @timscreech: 1 times
  @screechband: 1 times
michaelflavin mentions:
  @loisgeller: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
mikodragonfly mentions:
  @onlinefiction: 1 times
  @gabrielgadfly: 1 times
  @acetachyon: 1 times
  @daltonox: 1 times
  @ironman1176: 1 times
  @reyben: 1 times
  @nispt: 1 times
  @windy: 1 times
  @sahuntr: 1 times
simonb3 mentions:
  @metalasfuck: 1 times
  @genericwit: 1 times
  @crushtor: 1 times
  @uwillbeheard: 1 times
  @ChelzBowen: 1 times
  @followthreaper: 1 times
doctormikereddy mentions:
mr_rpbrown mentions:
  @MrRPBrown: 2 times
danceswithmatts mentions:
  @amysbusticket: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @cynnergies: 1 times
kynamdoan mentions:
breannagaddie mentions:
  @crushtor: 1 times
  @ausBluntForce: 1 times
  @jsbagain: 1 times
  @standupkid: 1 times
  @Naldoxx: 1 times
  @BreannaGaddie: 1 times
  @MissMetal666: 1 times
trgrant mentions:
  @LdsNana: 1 times
simon_ashaan mentions:
  @PhilHarrison: 2 times
  @ministryofbacon: 1 times
  @AngelEasterling: 1 times
  @SimonAshaan: 1 times
  @PinkBerryGirl: 1 times
  @CathieWalker: 1 times
shawnfabulous mentions:
wortfeilchen mentions:
  @datadirt: 1 times
billzucker mentions:
  @DarrenGibson: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @keylolo1975: 1 times
  @KrooDesMoines: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @ProTweepAgent: 1 times
  @celebright: 1 times
  @sc430girl: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
aparajuli mentions:
  @TheeRealFDHC: 1 times
  @jameszabiela: 1 times
  @nicfanciulli: 1 times
  @djphilk: 1 times
  @phynn: 1 times
  @airwavemusic: 1 times
  @SanderVanDoorn: 1 times
  @Lemon8: 1 times
  @maxgraham: 1 times
  @WilliamOrbit: 1 times
shaunhailes mentions:
  @videogamesalsa: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @ShaunHailes: 1 times
  @helderampereira: 1 times
  @thetoasterking: 1 times
  @KingQuagmire: 1 times
  @hellhath: 1 times
skyscapeinc mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
dvillarroel mentions:
  @ryuberto: 1 times
  @danklex: 1 times
  @bejaminm31: 1 times
  @fernastro: 1 times
  @eduardoe: 1 times
  @infozeus: 1 times
  @cmcgato: 1 times
  @tjofre: 1 times
  @adrianfrg: 1 times
  @paska: 2 times
  @atali: 1 times
  @veridisQ: 1 times
adeline604 mentions:
  @Zoeyjane: 1 times
  @jemmen: 1 times
  @PrabhSingh: 1 times
  @chriswalts: 1 times
  @cognoscento: 1 times
  @ravi: 1 times
  @metaglyph: 1 times
leirastorm mentions:
  @savsci: 1 times
  @shootradio: 1 times
  @theendtime: 1 times
mistressstorm mentions:
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
tfljr mentions:
  @LlamaDisco: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @LaraABCNews: 1 times
  @cutebeatle: 1 times
  @DnD13: 1 times
  @standtrooper: 1 times
  @Prohect: 1 times
  @atlasshrugs: 1 times
  @pow127: 1 times
  @DanCleary: 1 times
sarahssnow mentions:
  @nmcmurry: 1 times
  @standnow: 1 times
draw9 mentions:
  @Fishdogs: 1 times
  @theredrecruiter: 1 times
zooleft mentions:
  @TAZZone: 1 times
  @dawnspitfire: 1 times
  @harleywonderpug: 1 times
  @ButtercupD: 1 times
  @olivosartstudio: 1 times
  @ygyrls: 1 times
  @andilea: 1 times
  @JasonFalls: 1 times
  @dotw: 1 times
peaceatlast mentions:
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @TonyFotiArt: 1 times
arnoldfaber mentions:
  @HeathWhiteaker: 1 times
miguelsimek mentions:
  @nineleal: 1 times
  @gestorx: 1 times
  @miguelsimek: 1 times
  @miosote: 1 times
  @danielgpinheiro: 1 times
  @fabiomc: 1 times
  @RafaSchumacker: 1 times
  @blogdotubera: 1 times
nospec mentions:
  @jophillips: 1 times
  @SpecWatch: 1 times
johnnyoptimist mentions:
tweenkle77 mentions:
  @PhilBaker711: 1 times
  @tweenkle77: 1 times
  @Sashakane: 1 times
  @texasmommy: 1 times
  @cocosbutter: 1 times
kellycdb mentions:
  @tangograss: 1 times
mariposagurl mentions:
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @caregiving: 1 times
  @PeaceDiva: 1 times
  @DanWhitley: 1 times
  @TanyaNoel: 1 times
  @listentoafrica: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @Songfo: 1 times
jchas11 mentions:
lo5t mentions:
  @avvin: 1 times
  @idman: 1 times
  @loyal2: 1 times
  @grind3r: 1 times
  @olgabosak: 1 times
  @nartemy: 1 times
  @artrudenko: 1 times
  @odnoslovo: 1 times
  @cheev: 1 times
chitahearse mentions:
  @SamanthaSwing: 2 times
  @singin: 2 times
  @ChitaHearse: 1 times
  @SubmitArmy: 1 times
  @rubysharp: 1 times
riyaanand mentions:
  @maneet: 1 times
saintlellis mentions:
  @lauralassiter@ZackRabbit: 1 times
  @ispear: 1 times
  @JimPelley: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @joeygiggles: 1 times
  @VividLife: 1 times
  @davorado: 1 times
  @IMBEEYO: 1 times
heypeterman mentions:
  @mickeygomez: 1 times
relth mentions:
  @ahier: 2 times
aboutvetmed mentions:
  @AAHAHelpingPets: 1 times
powersellingmom mentions:
  @baseballmommy: 1 times
  @PowerSellingMom: 1 times
momthebom mentions:
  @RT: 1 times
ourwisdomshared mentions:
  @diabetescure: 1 times
  @martinamcbride: 1 times
  @sixuntilme: 1 times
  @diabetesblogs: 1 times
obamanews mentions:
  @CharityWater: 1 times
chrisrudd mentions:
  @AwesomeInchLoss: 1 times
  @grantcriddle: 1 times
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
  @ChrisRudd: 1 times
  @webdirectory: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @LFTS: 1 times
silviamk mentions:
  @LauraJames3: 1 times
gx5 mentions:
  @wearetheredsox: 1 times
  @redsoxmonkey: 1 times
  @YankeeMegInPHL: 1 times
  @stevecofield: 1 times
  @fangsbites: 1 times
  @TeamFRSH: 1 times
  @pinkalici0us: 1 times
xboxking mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
rt_thursday mentions:
  @Xboxking: 1 times
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
novan_ mentions:
  @madhobbit: 1 times
chasekanaszka mentions:
  @Templesmith: 1 times
heavenslovesong mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
katie0606 mentions:
  @GazeboInfo: 2 times
luisermusica mentions:
  @holandita: 1 times
  @vaness169: 1 times
  @ClavelRangel: 1 times
  @jhgarcia: 1 times
  @hectorizarra: 1 times
  @NanaVico: 1 times
  @filot: 1 times
donaldpayne mentions:
  @pamperry: 1 times
  @andrebutler: 1 times
calpumper mentions:
  @PatrickMcConnel: 1 times
jamila29 mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
texasrv mentions:
  @danama: 1 times
  @CUBANCONGAMAN: 1 times
  @FirecrackerB57: 1 times
  @Kandycrafts: 1 times
  @LaurentAAubin: 1 times
  @gdenis: 1 times
  @celsiustasty: 1 times
  @TRAILERTRASHUS: 1 times
  @domainpromo: 1 times
smartyshortie mentions:
  @shady76: 1 times
gemgem76 mentions:
  @pickycook: 1 times
  @amymommaerts: 1 times
  @clekids: 1 times
  @quotesnack: 1 times
  @managedchaos: 1 times
  @hoperevo: 1 times
  @breakingnews: 1 times
  @techsavvymama: 1 times
poetspirit mentions:
  @ArtNews: 1 times
drwright1 mentions:
  @ispear: 2 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @Drwright1: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @NextwaveRay: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
upfront123 mentions:
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @tonymarkx: 1 times
bethevans mentions:
  @ednacz: 1 times
  @wei2: 1 times
ian_wright mentions:
kelseypromo mentions:
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @KelseyPromo: 1 times
kerina mentions:
  @downwithdesign: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
texasgirl1959 mentions:
  @Enchantedheart: 1 times
  @Moviequotefun: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
  @animallounge: 1 times
  @MuppetNewsflash: 1 times
  @capricecrane: 1 times
  @TruthTweet: 1 times
wecomparebooks mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @CampBowWow: 1 times
  @TherapyDogGabe: 1 times
  @diabay: 1 times
  @jasonglover: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
  @bonnie67: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
  @wecomparebooks: 1 times
  @B: 1 times
mokobigbro mentions:
  @questlove: 1 times
that70sgrl mentions:
  @masterboozer: 1 times
howlingwoman mentions:
  @erenwall: 2 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @AnitaNelson: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @HowlingWoman: 1 times
  @RabbiShamira: 1 times
  @entr: 1 times
napturalroots mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
theredrecruiter mentions:
  @Fishdogs: 1 times
jasoncronkhite mentions:
  @ByronNewMedia: 1 times
  @JasonCronkhite: 1 times
  @VictusFate: 1 times
savvydoula mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @Micah: 1 times
zinfandelity mentions:
  @Altafulla: 1 times
  @salleegal: 1 times
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
  @wineblogorg: 1 times
  @winecliQ: 1 times
kennygo mentions:
  @mokobigbro: 1 times
grentone mentions:
  @ATTechFX: 1 times
  @gregmikefx: 1 times
  @KevinMhughes: 1 times
  @fxretracer: 1 times
  @deepfoo: 1 times
  @marc12001: 1 times
  @TamelaRich: 1 times
  @FXDIRK: 1 times
  @MatthewsMgmtGrp: 1 times
ripcordnews mentions:
  @marshafriedman: 1 times
  @spacetrucker: 1 times
  @justinnarin: 1 times
  @Daevil: 1 times
  @Chrissyisms: 1 times
  @imbeeyo: 1 times
  @FormerUSMC: 1 times
  @revegas: 1 times
  @: 1 times
brenda5316 mentions:
  @crochetgal: 1 times
jpmetz mentions:
  @CarD2003: 1 times
naiveninja mentions:
  @manushee: 1 times
  @pallaviade: 1 times
  @DesiNinja: 1 times
  @cookiecrumbles: 1 times
  @sidhartha256: 1 times
  @brainstuck: 1 times
  @ajuonline: 1 times
  @sakhi: 1 times
  @keeda: 1 times
  @meerasapra: 1 times
yura_mm mentions:
  @avvin: 1 times
  @veryShaggy: 1 times
  @artrudenko: 1 times
  @windximer: 1 times
  @alicetrip: 1 times
purplexed mentions:
  @banjobunny: 1 times
eviegarland mentions:
  @xsavedgex: 1 times
  @66Keelan61: 1 times
gtroxell mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @mikehanes: 1 times
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @innocentsmith: 1 times
  @SearchErika: 1 times
wiatoday mentions:
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @mikehanes: 1 times
  @knealemann: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @innocentsmith: 1 times
  @SearchErika: 1 times
partywater mentions:
  @RealtyMan: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @TweetsRule: 1 times
  @joecaldow: 1 times
  @SuperAffil: 1 times
  @thegman: 1 times
  @DIYMusicManual: 1 times
  @dariolorenzo: 1 times
  @BethBanning: 1 times
  @AuctionBump: 1 times
boloms mentions:
  @: 3 times
schuhmi mentions:
  @kreativgut: 1 times
  @Vergraemer: 1 times
  @elynn1974: 1 times
  @BineWug: 1 times
  @FrauElise: 1 times
  @prinzessiiin: 1 times
  @kiza72: 1 times
  @FrauEngel: 1 times
  @lajessie: 1 times
  @stephycookie: 1 times
  @isobello: 1 times
trueblu00 mentions:
  @DebbieJJohnson: 1 times
  @GerryCOnline: 1 times
  @haforhope: 1 times
  @indigospirit: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @warrenwhitlock: 1 times
  @fabwealth: 1 times
  @sheilaatienza: 1 times
  @aff: 1 times
cupcakejonasbro mentions:
  @thuglifedrumma: 1 times
lieb_chen mentions:
  @tommyreilly: 1 times
spiellieder mentions:
  @hmigroupllc: 1 times
  @MagelThomas: 1 times
  @spiellieder: 1 times
  @VhiteredNorth: 1 times
  @TimothyAlexa: 1 times
hopebaptist mentions:
  @VickieRussell: 1 times
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @theprayingW: 1 times
  @ktdoglover7: 1 times
  @pamfidler: 1 times
  @JMCMinistries: 1 times
  @hopebaptist: 1 times
  @REMdreamtime: 1 times
  @TrumpetofGod: 1 times
sirbigfoot mentions:
  @TheDarrell: 1 times
  @DeanHammond: 1 times
  @Mia: 1 times
rms70 mentions:
  @joemcd: 1 times
attitudemercury mentions:
  @MediaToFollow: 1 times
  @GirlfriendMAG: 1 times
  @theedge96one: 1 times
  @slowtv: 1 times
  @MasterChefAust: 1 times
  @abcatthemovies: 1 times
  @1stTuesBookClub: 1 times
herr_s mentions:
  @schoddy: 1 times
  @arndti: 1 times
  @zentur: 1 times
  @phoelix: 1 times
  @mcwinkel: 1 times
  @AbsolutEva: 1 times
  @stburnster: 1 times
  @bhrgerodanke: 1 times
mediaamericac2c mentions:
  @secupp: 1 times
  @andylevy: 1 times
davidharrity mentions:
  @PacificPartner: 1 times
pjgarea mentions:
  @tony5kratchere: 1 times
dubbelw mentions:
  @JohanWigmo: 1 times
  @magnusäng: 1 times
  @juliaskott: 1 times
  @weconverse@zackrisson: 1 times
  @Andreajovell: 1 times
  @kesomackan@emmawelander: 1 times
tierrah mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
cairnsblog mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
willempenn mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
lunna1969 mentions:
  @melissaegilbert: 1 times
crobbies mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
stuartnavy mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @iknowkyleford: 1 times
ljmadd mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
dominiqueb mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
crispyfrog mentions:
  @christinelu: 1 times
  @creativecommons: 1 times
chelzbowen mentions:
  @BreannaGaddie: 2 times
  @crushtor: 1 times
  @ausBluntForce: 1 times
  @jsbagain: 1 times
  @standupkid: 1 times
  @Naldoxx: 1 times
  @MissMetal666: 1 times
kalgrl mentions:
  @macdonaldf: 1 times
  @jobeaz: 1 times
paulewis mentions:
  @LJmadd: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
officialmaurice mentions:
  @iamCaMari: 1 times
  @JordanXavier: 1 times
  @FBabyTV: 1 times
  @VoyceAlexander: 1 times
  @trueblu00: 1 times
  @Venessia: 1 times
  @WGNChiTraffic: 1 times
harith mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
yolandedup mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
thejunebug mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
aussieblonk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
allmicrosoft mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @Tierrah: 1 times
santoshmaharshi mentions:
  @kaushal: 1 times
  @vadapavdotcom: 1 times
willofmyown mentions:
  @stigblog: 1 times
  @vanbird: 1 times
  @msalonen: 1 times
  @MARKWEY: 1 times
bxtruth11 mentions:
  @Journey2Mecca: 1 times
hrtsprk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
lilipip mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
miksas mentions:
  @agentdelblaine: 1 times
  @DailyHappyMeal: 1 times
  @Baclaran: 1 times
  @JanGeronimo: 1 times
  @InkBlue: 1 times
  @SaritaOnline: 1 times
  @gschan: 1 times
  @jzcecastro: 1 times
  @Tobatzky: 1 times
vanillalakes mentions:
  @imbeeyo: 1 times
  @aliceandkev: 1 times
  @MediaReviewsUK: 1 times
  @effingcards: 1 times
  @TweetDeck: 1 times
  @lookandtaste: 1 times
  @RogersCoffees: 1 times
  @cremeeggtwisted: 1 times
  @WeekIn: 1 times
deepaky3ks mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
joygreenmcgann mentions:
  @artfanatic411RT: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
lesnoy_chelovek mentions:
  @ekozlov: 1 times
  @epavlov: 1 times
geirwaaler mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
ehog mentions:
  @davidastein: 1 times
  @alapoet: 1 times
  @hatdiva: 1 times
  @RamonaW: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @daviddez: 1 times
  @CathyGday: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @ehog: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @libertyrant: 1 times
saurabh16 mentions:
  @irohan: 1 times
  @techweekend: 1 times
  @ngkabra: 1 times
  @dnene: 1 times
  @vishalgadkari: 1 times
  @thecancerus: 1 times
  @saurabh16: 1 times
  @ketan: 1 times
  @IamSB: 1 times
  @sdawara: 1 times
  @d7y: 1 times
  @punetech: 1 times
serena_ss mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
cherrichiodo mentions:
  @bicoastalite: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
shay2shay mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
cj_slim mentions:
  @kindredembrace: 1 times
torretwit mentions:
  @Toulousenessie: 1 times
  @TorreTwit: 1 times
thakrunkdoctor mentions:
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @djced: 1 times
  @Bowlegg4u: 1 times
  @JuiceYellaboy: 1 times
  @sherihauck: 1 times
  @jaylawrence615: 1 times
  @LaToyaMaureen: 1 times
  @tsutv: 1 times
  @djjbsmoove: 1 times
  @thakrunkdoctor: 1 times
donnam13 mentions:
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
highdefdiscnews mentions:
  @Zeke213: 1 times
  @HighDefDiscNews: 1 times
  @marcwarnke: 1 times
  @TommBosley: 1 times
  @FLWbooks: 1 times
  @BeckyGarcia: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @IMANICEPERSON: 1 times
redpr mentions:
  @eatdrinkbekerry: 1 times
  @sleemol: 1 times
  @mediahunter: 1 times
  @ckraine: 1 times
  @bannermania: 1 times
  @ourbrisbane: 1 times
lkhotastrmkr mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
ulyzp mentions:
  @RickBakas: 1 times
allyinspirit mentions:
  @InspiredSheila: 1 times
  @ReikiMoon: 1 times
  @HolisticMom: 1 times
  @AWyldfyre: 1 times
  @lifeinthegalaxy: 1 times
  @SacredOm: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
guspim mentions:
whipdog mentions:
  @ShariJ01: 1 times
  @AfghanOldBlue: 1 times
  @JobsNearBases: 1 times
  @USNAVYSEALS: 1 times
  @airborneangels: 1 times
  @southcomwatch: 1 times
  @fthoodsentinel: 1 times
  @USSConstitution: 1 times
  @: 1 times
kurreltheraven mentions:
  @SBSNews: 1 times
  @abcnewsPerth: 1 times
  @weatherperth: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
  @paniq: 1 times
philipbolt mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @PhilipBolt: 1 times
energymonavie mentions:
  @MattLaporte: 1 times
  @andyukthai: 1 times
  @josecuervom: 1 times
  @TheMattyMiller: 1 times
  @MikeDillard: 1 times
  @tonyrobbins: 1 times
aptinfrance mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
nakulshenoy mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @themagicspace: 1 times
dansandercock mentions:
  @TripsnTravels: 1 times
  @JohnZajaros: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @MagsJoy: 1 times
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @dansandercock: 1 times
biznaz mentions:
  @buoy51202: 1 times
  @: 1 times
arunwithaview mentions:
  @vinitrek: 1 times
  @oldcatsrule: 1 times
  @birdspot: 1 times
  @WestWingReport: 1 times
  @JulieGarcia84: 1 times
  @stephsamps: 1 times
  @ingridmusic: 1 times
kali4niadazed mentions:
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
digitalgodess mentions:
  @susiecheng: 1 times
  @Transplex: 1 times
  @ReloMary: 1 times
  @TravelingDad: 1 times
  @EarthLifeInst: 1 times
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
  @Softcrush: 1 times
  @connectqueen: 1 times
wietseveenstra mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
unreal_g mentions:
  @featureBlend: 1 times
rjeggens mentions:
  @Jacob023: 1 times
anflam mentions:
  @doublechin: 1 times
  @jimcpip: 1 times
marujatarre mentions:
mydeskpulse mentions:
  @nadhiyamali: 1 times
  @streetanchor: 1 times
noticiasypunto mentions:
  @marujatarre: 1 times
crdlovesyou mentions:
  @TwiObsession: 2 times
tycoon83 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @DaimlerCareer: 1 times
  @DaimlerBI: 1 times
  @kesslermichael: 1 times
  @dambisamoyo: 1 times
jmfluellen mentions:
  @guspim: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
anchorwave mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
leahtanner mentions:
  @R3s3rvo1rD0g: 1 times
  @TommyStedham: 1 times
  @urQueen2beee: 1 times
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @LisaSawyer317: 1 times
  @scollard62: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
lawyer_korea mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dave_obrien mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
nicolalalalala mentions:
yunghov mentions:
  @karanjasan: 2 times
  @rollingstonemag: 2 times
  @katvonj: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @YungHov: 1 times
orianalee mentions:
  @Janiro: 1 times
aliholden mentions:
  @shtfck: 1 times
  @crazycolours: 1 times
  @newmarvel: 1 times
  @LilMsSweetness: 1 times
  @JenMilan720: 1 times
  @aliholden: 1 times
  @Georgieboo: 1 times
nightsongbird mentions:
  @rockpopmasters: 1 times
  @BabySnooks: 1 times
  @ChrisRudd: 1 times
  @blueheron45@kooder@UnleashedMinds@Sirjohnwriter: 1 times
  @DaNie52: 1 times
misscrys_ mentions:
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @sammijade: 1 times
  @MissCrys: 1 times
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @ScottATaylor: 1 times
  @ddsnorth: 1 times
  @JaeSwaggs: 1 times
johanmede mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
mauritsalbert mentions:
  @michaeljackson: 1 times
  @farahfawcett: 1 times
  @elvispresley: 1 times
  @freddykrueger: 1 times
  @nikeardilla: 1 times
  @soeharto: 1 times
  @superman: 1 times
  @donalduck: 1 times
rodrrigo mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
rickhick mentions:
  @macindog: 1 times
  @garymurning: 1 times
  @spygun: 1 times
  @ShuggieG: 1 times
kinder_kaluga mentions:
  @alexmak: 1 times
  @tsybulin: 1 times
ankurdinesh mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @lmkenny: 1 times
  @chr1sa: 1 times
  @CommonCraft: 1 times
  @dannysullivan: 1 times
  @LeadershipNow: 1 times
  @exectweets: 1 times
  @Gladwell: 1 times
  @lastminutecom: 1 times
  @tpnmarketing: 1 times
sharant mentions:
  @stallionCEO: 1 times
  @jghatpande: 1 times
  @aDeSe: 1 times
  @jharna: 1 times
staceysoleil mentions:
  @shus: 1 times
  @TNT718: 1 times
institute4cs mentions:
  @grammarware: 2 times
  @notquiteabba: 1 times
  @pauloborba: 1 times
  @jeanmariefavre: 1 times
  @terjegj: 1 times
  @felienne: 1 times
  @gorkazubia: 1 times
  @radkat: 1 times
hasham2 mentions:
  @asimzeeshan: 1 times
  @mubbashir: 1 times
  @umuro: 1 times
  @AsynecdocheME: 1 times
  @markgandolfo: 1 times
  @IndianGuru: 1 times
  @selfexile: 1 times
  @imranahmed: 1 times
realchristine mentions:
  @realchristine: 1 times
johnnydiggz mentions:
  @digitaltalent2: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @CKSays: 1 times
  @MaryaMurphy: 1 times
  @JeffPulver: 1 times
  @quich: 1 times
  @somacow: 1 times
  @thechannelproject: 1 times
joolzgirl mentions:
  @missgiggly: 1 times
  @TinaInMelbourne: 1 times
e_nation mentions:
  @patchworkhrmy: 1 times
  @pennypower: 1 times
  @steveemecz: 1 times
ftarnogol mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
freepsychichelp mentions:
  @bestnewarticles: 1 times
  @ExpertCoach: 1 times
  @NicoNightingale: 1 times
  @AuthorDarkstar: 1 times
  @HealthyQuotes: 1 times
mydivisoria mentions:
  @followfilipino: 1 times
  @leahbesajimenez: 1 times
  @ayoslang: 1 times
  @onepowlow: 1 times
  @katiel777: 1 times
  @isateresa: 1 times
  @rom: 1 times
  @MrValdez: 1 times
reymill mentions:
  @issybo: 1 times
alphazeichen mentions:
  @tapioliller: 1 times
  @Roquane: 1 times
  @StadtFFM: 1 times
sedruol mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
xdshayxdenisex mentions:
  @BrownSugarLX: 2 times
  @VanillaKiss: 1 times
  @clippercutqueen: 1 times
  @djstaxxx: 1 times
  @XDshayxDeniseX: 1 times
  @gmoney1284: 1 times
  @dwill305: 1 times
  @HUNGER09: 1 times
  @Jerr: 1 times
rmoore08 mentions:
  @ashleykingsley: 1 times
  @username: 1 times
johnny2k mentions:
  @mlm59: 1 times
  @cyndeZu: 1 times
  @shawnabawna: 1 times
  @independenttom: 1 times
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @mousecrazy55: 1 times
  @delbertino: 1 times
andyheadworth mentions:
  @siteadvisor: 1 times
darkwinter mentions:
  @sillybeggar: 1 times
thoughtcloud mentions:
  @jaleelmo: 1 times
  @JazBam: 1 times
  @ARISE: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @imbeeyo: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
salisburydowns mentions:
  @herdshare: 1 times
therealfracas mentions:
  @lilruth: 1 times
  @SuShiMat: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
very_shaggy mentions:
  @kochevoy: 1 times
  @evochka: 1 times
missgiggly mentions:
  @grum: 1 times
rthumor mentions:
  @DontSwitch: 1 times
  @cyberfux: 1 times
miss_om mentions:
  @wildmonkeysects: 1 times
  @notebookco: 1 times
thickdecadence mentions:
  @Vodkastr8: 2 times
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @aurihunter: 1 times
  @THICKDECADENCE: 1 times
  @quianebony: 1 times
  @MsTam: 1 times
  @Ch0k0lateBARBIE: 1 times
  @demarcus30: 1 times
  @: 1 times
ainebegonia mentions:
  @verwon: 1 times
  @Cammmalot: 1 times
spurofmoment mentions:
paul_rasmussen mentions:
  @Mossyy: 1 times
piratforlaget mentions:
  @jonasjonasson: 1 times
  @hannalar: 1 times
  @jossibaloo: 1 times
  @ErikHelmerson: 1 times
3_wise_men mentions:
  @markymark78: 1 times
kristycasey mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
paulmccourt mentions:
  @rudedoodle: 1 times
techhomie mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
abridgwater mentions:
  @ZDNetUKNews: 1 times
kamincali mentions:
  @noetical: 1 times
tapioliller mentions:
  @Roquane: 1 times
  @StadtFFM: 1 times
fateeastwood mentions:
  @THICKDECADENCE: 1 times
  @Janiro: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
  @fateeastwood: 1 times
  @divasteph: 1 times
  @thebombshell: 1 times
  @deshawnw: 1 times
webfuzzi mentions:
  @tolksdorf: 1 times
  @jjl57: 1 times
  @andywitten: 1 times
  @magiieblood: 1 times
attechfx mentions:
  @marc12001: 2 times
  @DenzelBurks: 1 times
  @grentone: 1 times
  @ATTechFX: 1 times
  @gregmikefx: 1 times
  @KevinMhughes: 1 times
  @fxretracer: 1 times
  @deepfoo: 1 times
xtattooedangelx mentions:
  @alexismachine: 1 times
  @XengineX: 1 times
  @Damagelnc: 1 times
  @chneux: 1 times
  @msgoth84: 1 times
  @ElCobra: 1 times
  @Snowbear: 1 times
  @purerocklive: 1 times
fun_follow mentions:
  @martwood1: 1 times
  @hrsoutherncharm: 1 times
  @ComplicatedMama: 1 times
  @ThePrepEGirl: 1 times
sonicwhoosh mentions:
  @pintsize0101: 1 times
ursessionx mentions:
loyal2 mentions:
  @avvin: 1 times
  @idman: 1 times
  @grind3r: 1 times
  @artrudenko: 1 times
  @olgabosak: 1 times
  @nartemy: 1 times
  @lo5t: 1 times
  @odnoslovo: 1 times
  @Lasska: 1 times
rebeculla mentions:
  @grentone: 1 times
  @rebeculla: 1 times
bigbro_sree2go mentions:
  @spearsbritney: 1 times
  @JaneanDerry: 1 times
  @edelr: 1 times
  @busylizzie71: 1 times
yushimi mentions:
  @TheMakeupSnob: 1 times
  @BamboozledMoxy: 1 times
  @theswatchaholic: 1 times
clinton316 mentions:
  @marlonparker: 1 times
  @craigross316: 1 times
  @brent007: 1 times
  @neo316: 1 times
  @chromie: 1 times
  @deonj: 1 times
  @reagenallen: 1 times
  @mikey2k: 1 times
  @puma23: 1 times
petereckel mentions:
  @petereckel: 1 times
  @lewisusher: 1 times
manojksamy mentions:
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
petty__coat mentions:
  @StellaMcCartney: 1 times
  @BerlinGlam: 1 times
  @RecyclingJunkie: 1 times
  @KarlLagerfeld: 1 times
  @modabot: 1 times
  @lesmads: 1 times
craven_ mentions:
  @RIPMJ: 2 times
wiafl mentions:
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
  @timbutcher: 1 times
  @wiafl: 1 times
northerndoctor mentions:
  @jackofkent: 1 times
  @BlueWode: 1 times
diggy09 mentions:
  @CapCityChris: 1 times
  @leeshmaree: 1 times
  @calithug614: 1 times
  @roebizness: 1 times
  @diggy09: 1 times
  @ninapendavis: 1 times
  @bfxgirl: 1 times
  @m2dalew77: 1 times
  @champcko: 1 times
  @yuntraining: 1 times
thillais mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dickie_dirt mentions:
  @Collette87: 1 times
sceverett mentions:
  @jaimecrowe: 1 times
  @PMFtech: 1 times
  @msproductions: 1 times
  @CarynBrown: 1 times
  @Sashanicole: 1 times
  @withinwithout: 1 times
wessa mentions:
  @herdshare: 1 times
  @PigBusiness: 1 times
otvertka mentions:
  @uksius: 1 times
  @fwind: 1 times
  @skorr: 1 times
  @sp1r1t: 1 times
  @gualaga: 1 times
  @anarhist: 1 times
  @avvin: 1 times
  @psih: 1 times
  @Dukobpa3: 1 times
  @obozhdi: 1 times
  @syned: 1 times
toneyfitzgerald mentions:
  @systemsbird: 1 times
  @lukefrombuzzle: 1 times
  @AndrewWindham: 1 times
  @johannacutey: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @NixTheNews: 1 times
quoththerav3n mentions:
  @JeffCaine: 1 times
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
  @SgtGrit: 1 times
cfleury mentions:
  @cfleury: 1 times
  @tinatessina: 1 times
  @LockwoodChris: 1 times
  @jilanak: 1 times
  @roncallari: 1 times
  @AlaiaL: 1 times
  @gammydodger: 1 times
  @stashskate: 1 times
  @29Darkrose: 1 times
bifflawson mentions:
  @VivaLaBlackGrl: 1 times
  @ChantelsABadONe: 1 times
  @5thAveP: 1 times
  @CoCoButter32: 1 times
  @AyyDizzy: 1 times
  @BiffLawson: 1 times
  @SoulikeDarkSkin: 1 times
  @PumpkiinBaybeeX: 1 times
geek_rohit mentions:
  @ektz: 1 times
  @keeda: 1 times
yourbabymommas mentions:
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
  @yourbabymommas: 1 times
bentforms mentions:
  @jmliss: 1 times
  @Aartist1: 1 times
  @artbynemo: 1 times
  @ArtTileMosaics: 1 times
  @busylittlepiggy: 1 times
  @bentforms: 1 times
  @moonthroughfog: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkLe: 1 times
  @jesseintl: 1 times
mtheron14 mentions:
  @neo316: 1 times
  @mtheron14: 1 times
  @amybiggs: 1 times
  @shameez: 1 times
  @reneparker: 1 times
  @liesj: 1 times
  @missyj233: 1 times
  @edwinavw: 1 times
mariechen81 mentions:
  @joshgroban: 1 times
  @jamieoliver: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
artobscure mentions:
  @chappyNbg: 1 times
  @icedsoul: 1 times
  @magenbrot: 1 times
  @kwerfeldein: 1 times
  @Jibril85: 1 times
  @HKFotografie: 1 times
  @FotoKotzsch: 1 times
  @nikonrumors: 1 times
danieldoyle mentions:
  @ryanchittum: 1 times
  @ksablan: 1 times
  @rosiered23: 1 times
  @ckanal: 1 times
  @janehamsher: 1 times
  @downwithtyrrany: 1 times
jcfrog mentions:
  @loic: 2 times
irishsmiley mentions:
  @GertrudeLawler: 1 times
  @JennyFlintoft: 1 times
  @siobhanguthrie: 1 times
  @CathDaley: 1 times
  @CommunitySoul: 1 times
biggusdoggus mentions:
  @ceggs: 1 times
  @BiggusDoggus: 1 times
mongkolroek mentions:
finnlly mentions:
  @mixero: 1 times
  @ITCUA: 1 times
  @Zavalinich: 1 times
  @Andretti: 1 times
  @logvynenko: 1 times
  @webbird: 1 times
acninee mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
jencrutch mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @GeekyJenn: 1 times
  @JenNiffer: 1 times
  @JeneAviram: 1 times
  @JenLaviano: 1 times
  @jennifermommade: 1 times
  @jennyitup: 1 times
tradeshowsvegas mentions:
  @MJHistory: 1 times
nhbnews mentions:
  @qutequte: 1 times
ptaillandier mentions:
  @NiemanLab: 1 times
garyhills mentions:
  @SteveHills: 1 times
gericaquinn mentions:
  @RASOfficial: 1 times
  @TravisGarland: 1 times
  @babyz: 1 times
  @asherbook: 1 times
  @WesleyAdamQuinn: 1 times
  @GericaQuinn: 1 times
  @sevaniwifey9: 1 times
vegkitch mentions:
  @yaverbaum: 1 times
  @easyculture: 1 times
  @JMadIV: 1 times
  @cheergiver: 1 times
  @amandascookin: 1 times
  @rmaynard: 1 times
amybiggs mentions:
  @mtheron14: 1 times
  @Clinton316: 1 times
  @marlonparker: 1 times
  @craigross316: 1 times
  @brent007: 1 times
  @neo316: 1 times
  @chromie: 1 times
  @deonj: 1 times
  @reagenallen: 1 times
  @mikey2k: 1 times
  @puma23: 1 times
tamil_news mentions:
  @ThillaiS: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
aussieelfy mentions:
  @TheDrCullen: 1 times
  @TheECullen: 1 times
  @TheBCullen: 1 times
  @TheEmCullen: 1 times
  @TheRCullen: 1 times
  @TheJHale: 1 times
  @TheAliceHale: 1 times
  @TheJBlack: 1 times
yatotchronicles mentions:
  @andysmailes: 1 times
frauengel mentions:
  @AllesRoger: 1 times
nedlud mentions:
  @AKAVirtualPA: 1 times
  @urbansmiler: 1 times
  @wiafl: 1 times
tilded mentions:
  @wengelin: 1 times
  @menskopp: 1 times
  @menskoppen: 1 times
supercopygurl mentions:
  @evregirl: 1 times
  @JonathanAB: 1 times
  @ohsotony: 1 times
  @alice: 1 times
merutherford mentions:
  @eusavpsa: 1 times
  @eusa: 1 times
  @eusavpaa: 1 times
  @eusavps: 1 times
  @eusapresident: 1 times
derwebarchitekt mentions:
thepatient94 mentions:
  @XCyanideParadeX: 1 times
katrn mentions:
  @mathieuchristis: 1 times
cgiridhar mentions:
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
  @dollars5: 1 times
  @hermoviebuff: 1 times
  @JASMINEMAI: 1 times
  @mrgadget: 1 times
  @HowlingWoman: 1 times
john_bishop mentions:
  @iStone: 1 times
  @tedhaggard7: 1 times
  @LarryOsborne: 1 times
  @AndyStanley: 1 times
herdshare mentions:
  @wessa: 1 times
  @herdshare: 1 times
  @PigBusiness: 1 times
jon_kerr mentions:
  @whatfest: 1 times
  @Gigwise: 1 times
  @metalasfuck: 1 times
  @vaderjim: 1 times
agooaustralia mentions:
  @pottymouthmama: 1 times
  @LMStellarPR: 1 times
  @Mummifiedx5: 1 times
  @chantellaustin: 1 times
  @kirstywilson: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
arnsteinlarsen mentions:
  @savioj: 1 times
  @ctolsen: 1 times
  @urke: 1 times
  @idaAa: 1 times
  @skipet: 1 times
  @viidar: 1 times
  @Orjas: 1 times
  @dumbhat: 1 times
haubi66 mentions:
  @trottelbot: 1 times
imcmeet mentions:
  @iimaonline: 1 times
peerlessdeepak mentions:
chepito2009 mentions:
  @IDriveAds: 1 times
mieke_siemons mentions:
  @barbaarella: 1 times
joseph_lavalley mentions:
  @lostdogs10: 1 times
saintee1 mentions:
  @saintee1: 1 times
  @Freesia13: 1 times
  @lucillecb: 1 times
  @jackiepapandrew: 1 times
  @SharonDraughon: 1 times
chelophoto mentions:
  @photokisses: 1 times
  @zarias: 1 times
  @TheresaMarie: 1 times
  @sdohana: 1 times
  @mhstech: 1 times
  @akeys1: 1 times
  @MatthewGidley: 1 times
fenixtao mentions:
  @180bysummer: 1 times
  @michaeljackson: 1 times
hhutz mentions:
  @ralfheimann: 1 times
goodefamily mentions:
  @dragonboysuede: 1 times
grin_n_bear_it mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
soundersfi mentions:
  @AndrewBucholtz: 1 times
  @matchfitusa: 1 times
  @gingetalksfooty: 1 times
  @24thminute: 1 times
  @teambates: 1 times
  @SoundersFI: 1 times
  @bzygo: 1 times
  @OnwardSoccer: 1 times
  @ca: 1 times
seniorguru mentions:
  @elsebuschheuer: 1 times
  @titanic: 1 times
  @allora: 1 times
tweedghost mentions:
  @Hundeerziehung: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @VolkerLehmann: 1 times
  @Zion13: 1 times
  @VickiElam: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
paul66 mentions:
  @evianinsiders: 1 times
jeanettejoy mentions:
  @flamingokitty: 1 times
  @amous: 1 times
  @jeanettejoy: 1 times
entropydigital mentions:
  @cslyons: 1 times
  @maxbean: 1 times
  @pauldanter: 1 times
  @alexwoodcreates: 1 times
  @layarmobile: 1 times
valprop mentions:
mayank mentions:
  @nithinkd: 1 times
  @jinadcruz: 1 times
  @suryasnair: 1 times
  @twilightfairy: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @spitphyre: 1 times
  @paavani: 1 times
  @mekkanikal: 1 times
  @shaaqT: 1 times
  @ankitagaba: 1 times
markshaw mentions:
jl270 mentions:
  @currencyblog: 1 times
  @jl270: 1 times
bruttis mentions:
  @kmhamon: 1 times
  @loribjork: 1 times
  @capitaln: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @sentinel47: 1 times
  @leedman: 1 times
  @lesameryl: 1 times
  @tawnyheath: 1 times
  @dbarros58: 1 times
  @angie1234p: 1 times
linnea4591 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
anyuser mentions:
  @luhma: 1 times
  @weserkurier: 1 times
  @kreiszeitung: 1 times
mafaldaq mentions:
  @libertygrrrl: 1 times
cragchris mentions:
  @daysoutinfo: 1 times
  @Coppermines: 1 times
  @tateliverpool: 1 times
  @cypherdigital: 1 times
  @honister: 1 times
  @stayblackpool: 1 times
truthscompany mentions:
  @khoki: 1 times
  @Allyinspirit: 1 times
  @ThetaHealerMaya: 1 times
uarrr mentions:
dome3101 mentions:
  @UARRR: 1 times
kreuzerskorner mentions:
  @aarondelay: 1 times
  @androidtomato: 1 times
  @sharapovasthigh: 1 times
  @Sherkro: 1 times
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @emilychang: 1 times
  @LarjMarj: 1 times
  @jasonsalas: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
  @theladywrites: 1 times
lopezwilfred mentions:
  @mayorsam: 1 times
  @PinkBerryGirl: 1 times
photographybb mentions:
  @Yushimi: 1 times
allthefestivals mentions:
  @EdinburghFringe: 1 times
  @edintfest: 1 times
  @EdinburghJazz: 1 times
getsmartmoodle mentions:
  @jcchancellor@theobeest: 1 times
  @smileydave: 1 times
  @ronasmy: 1 times
  @schneiderml: 1 times
  @Hivemindmovie: 1 times
  @louiev21: 1 times
paulahillier mentions:
  @RosalynPalmer: 1 times
whippetout mentions:
  @garethslee: 1 times
  @janeslee: 1 times
  @Janefonda: 1 times
  @1capplegate: 1 times
  @dp4: 1 times
  @CarysAnn: 1 times
  @cymrocymraeg: 1 times
  @FannyIngabout: 1 times
  @HellenBach: 1 times
  @LondonVoiceover: 1 times
mildilla mentions:
  @suffrajets: 1 times
ukdivorce mentions:
  @4Walls: 1 times
  @thebookwright: 1 times
  @pennypower: 1 times
  @mjamme: 1 times
awhitevanman mentions:
  @SimonBishop: 1 times
  @MichaelJackson: 1 times
tracyhunt68 mentions:
  @Janicerobertson: 1 times
  @RichardWiseman: 1 times
maheshmurthy mentions:
  @pinstorm: 1 times
  @rachsharma: 1 times
  @Geetatanny: 1 times
  @vaibhavagarwal: 1 times
  @BhavnaS: 1 times
  @bihar2bombay: 1 times
  @vishalmodh: 1 times
  @nikhilsheth: 1 times
iberbiz mentions:
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @CindyBattye: 1 times
  @AJ2000: 1 times
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @IMCashSaver: 1 times
  @web2marketer: 1 times
  @KenMcArthur: 1 times
cartoono mentions:
  @Nathaliejamois: 1 times
  @cartoono: 1 times
goldele mentions:
  @socialycubed: 1 times
meandmybigmouth mentions:
  @KieronJS: 1 times
  @sexyexecutive: 1 times
skorr mentions:
  @TheBoyWithNails: 1 times
  @pornographia: 1 times
  @ylitka: 1 times
  @DashyCh: 1 times
cityguyyoga mentions:
  @nonajordan: 1 times
  @emilylime: 1 times
  @JenniferVoss: 1 times
  @motivcoach: 1 times
  @ashdyogi: 1 times
  @integralhack: 1 times
  @tobelist: 1 times
chrismoonwill mentions:
  @chrismoonwill: 1 times
enableot mentions:
  @jfaias: 1 times
  @enableOT: 1 times
missmarple76 mentions:
  @Tasso9x: 1 times
_scool_ mentions:
  @joshdhaliwal: 1 times
  @andrewburgess1: 1 times
  @manojksamy: 1 times
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
  @Scool: 1 times
  @mryouthagency: 1 times
andrew_burgess1 mentions:
  @joshdhaliwal: 1 times
  @andrewburgess1: 1 times
  @manojksamy: 1 times
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
  @Scool: 1 times
  @mryouthagency: 1 times
liamevans mentions:
  @fifilulabelle: 1 times
  @cheshirewoman: 1 times
  @bigdotmedia: 1 times
  @onion2k: 1 times
  @liamevans: 1 times
  @tyrelassie: 1 times
  @getintheframe: 1 times
  @LATrash: 1 times
  @mrfudgecrumpet: 1 times
adelegoody mentions:
  @mattcg: 1 times
  @nicolatillin: 1 times
  @rorybrown: 1 times
mattjansen mentions:
oldpostcards mentions:
  @westender68: 1 times
  @bykimbo: 1 times
  @babsmcginlay: 1 times
  @cromwellswirral: 1 times
  @DizzyD242: 1 times
  @Caroline: 1 times
  @happytyskie: 1 times
  @saltyshutter: 1 times
  @lindaknox: 1 times
boeserseo mentions:
  @NerdInSkirt: 2 times
  @seoband: 1 times
  @arzt: 1 times
  @foebber: 1 times
  @ThomasPromny: 1 times
  @seopunk: 1 times
bahtin mentions:
iwcharters mentions:
  @rubygem: 1 times
  @donkarlo: 1 times
staerkenfinden mentions:
  @eNestleFollowFriday: 1 times
  @RudolfBogner: 1 times
  @IreneWolk: 1 times
  @monikalohmann: 1 times
  @bekoberlin: 1 times
nerdygrossout mentions:
  @peternoster: 1 times
  @gigold: 1 times
  @dg4und20: 1 times
  @kcpr: 1 times
  @grenzwertpoet: 1 times
  @hermsfarm: 1 times
  @Friedenspanzer: 1 times
  @r0ssi: 1 times
ryandrews mentions:
  @michaeljack: 1 times
olschok mentions:
  @gourmondoDE: 1 times
heidikruger mentions:
  @lichtkriegerin: 1 times
unseeingeyes mentions:
  @ThetaHealerMaya: 1 times
  @unseeingeyes: 1 times
  @awaretalkradio: 1 times
  @jasonPollock: 1 times
valharris mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @truethat: 1 times
  @AndyTreharne: 1 times
  @HigherFrequency: 1 times
  @CShelle: 1 times
  @jeffyfish: 1 times
  @webdesigniinc: 1 times
  @Missy220: 1 times
  @yeahgiancarlo: 1 times
sashabelan mentions:
  @Bahtin: 1 times
abhishek mentions:
  @mayank: 1 times
  @jinadcruz: 1 times
  @suryasnair: 1 times
  @twilightfairy: 1 times
  @gulpanag: 1 times
  @spitphyre: 1 times
  @paavani: 1 times
  @mekkanikal: 1 times
  @shaaqT: 1 times
  @ankitagaba: 1 times
carol_schneider mentions:
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @epcotx@carolschneider: 1 times
  @johnlemoco: 1 times
  @VegasWholesale: 1 times
  @KittyKatana: 1 times
matetoth90 mentions:
  @GabriellaSky: 1 times
jim_berry mentions:
  @iberbiz: 1 times
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @CindyBattye: 1 times
  @AJ2000: 1 times
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @IMCashSaver: 1 times
  @web2marketer: 1 times
  @KenMcArthur: 1 times
interpredator mentions:
  @Kochevoy: 1 times
  @kabilov: 1 times
  @Bahtin: 1 times
  @r0z1k: 1 times
  @yellowdream: 1 times
  @roland1212: 1 times
  @marshmollow: 1 times
  @Stase4ka: 1 times
  @avvin: 1 times
  @vperyax: 1 times
  @mrcolt: 1 times
mattcg mentions:
  @adelegoody: 1 times
  @mattcg: 1 times
craftymaddie mentions:
jplanas mentions:
  @daemonium: 1 times
  @TINETxarxa: 1 times
  @TICtarragona: 1 times
  @xerraires: 1 times
  @atictes: 1 times
swoopfx mentions:
  @DelphineD: 1 times
  @ManuSupra: 1 times
  @weetabix: 1 times
  @Korben: 1 times
  @Playmogeek: 1 times
  @Bleebot: 1 times
godeck mentions:
leedscentlib mentions:
  @TheBooksellerThanks: 1 times
  @annemazer: 1 times
  @babyinthemirror: 1 times
  @belledejouruk: 1 times
  @carolines: 1 times
  @imaginestudios: 1 times
  @stevemosby: 1 times
vikkeh mentions:
  @katieljames: 1 times
  @mattblisset: 1 times
  @allsosugarless: 1 times
  @heypunka: 1 times
  @fudgecrumpet: 1 times
  @nettofabulous: 1 times
  @king59: 1 times
  @emsyd: 1 times
  @surgelounge: 1 times
  @vikkeh: 2 times
e_diva mentions:
  @Estarian: 1 times
gigigraciette mentions:
  @MikeWarrior: 1 times
  @GigiGraciette: 1 times
kruel74 mentions:
  @altimet: 1 times
  @zainhd: 1 times
  @1asiaqumran: 1 times
  @bedsty: 1 times
  @hadramie: 1 times
  @yasz: 1 times
podcasttweets mentions:
  @scificast: 1 times
  @scifibooks: 1 times
specialmemories mentions:
  @ClareEvans: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @grahamjones: 1 times
crystalkniight mentions:
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @heidinewfield: 1 times
  @lindanhemx3: 1 times
nicos mentions:
  @mathiaspardo: 1 times
unoblogger mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @rahuljrark: 1 times
  @unoblogger: 1 times
  @ManiKarthik: 1 times
  @JackSimz: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @shobankr: 1 times
  @LeoNetworks: 1 times
  @Sumeet: 1 times
davidelico mentions:
  @Artlandis: 1 times
  @Mang83: 1 times
  @PamelaFerrara: 1 times
  @paperoga159: 1 times
  @nnonnoenzo: 1 times
  @Morgana2008: 1 times
  @Gioska23: 1 times
sal_a_manger mentions:
  @ukdivorce: 1 times
  @thebookwright: 1 times
  @nicktadd: 1 times
shiverspt mentions:
  @iknowthatmovie: 1 times
  @shiverspt: 1 times
  @jefflittlejohn: 1 times
  @ptnik: 1 times
  @pedromartinhopt: 1 times
  @idreamedmusic: 1 times
moui mentions:
  @dmathieufollowfriday: 1 times
  @cmic: 1 times
  @moui: 1 times
  @christoffeltje: 1 times
  @irmaar: 1 times
adamrphoto mentions:
  @ElectraX: 1 times
  @minastefan: 1 times
  @enterbelladonna: 1 times
  @Darenzia: 1 times
  @godsgirls: 1 times
  @kenistyles: 1 times
  @MissAmarantha: 1 times
  @vickytavener: 1 times
  @LatexFetish: 1 times
rucad mentions:
  @CyrilSavitsky: 1 times
shailaja mentions:
  @mickeymehta: 1 times
  @Brajeshwar: 1 times
  @HarishK: 1 times
  @unitechy: 1 times
  @shailaja: 1 times
expatina mentions:
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @davidalexanderm: 1 times
  @MrTeller: 1 times
  @micknugent: 1 times
  @AtheistDave: 1 times
  @samjordison: 1 times
  @SaddeKrabah: 1 times
  @thebookmaven: 1 times
  @ljthornton: 1 times
batanero_itu mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @textually: 1 times
  @ituNews: 1 times
w8sdz mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
amanda2610 mentions:
gehring mentions:
  @MobileZeitgeist: 1 times
fabianpattberg mentions:
  @Juliengoy: 1 times
  @davidcoethica: 1 times
  @loopyginee: 1 times
  @globalcopywrite: 1 times
  @AaronQFu: 1 times
  @mvellandi: 1 times
  @MartinCSR: 1 times
flashability mentions:
  @terrypaton1: 2 times
dimonios mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @30stmitalia: 1 times
  @teamworld: 1 times
  @7726: 1 times
  @battleof30stm: 1 times
  @primatage: 1 times
reachnyc mentions:
  @ReachNYC: 1 times
pgl mentions:
  @juicyjobs: 1 times
  @DoreenO: 1 times
  @TimelessP: 1 times
the_monarch mentions:
  @GojyoChan: 1 times
  @pwofficial: 1 times
  @MightyBoosh: 1 times
  @TheMonarch: 1 times
gillardi mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @MisterSteve: 1 times
  @nikhilparekh: 1 times
  @journeyPod: 1 times
  @1sweetwhirl: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
  @vBSetup: 1 times
  @asaunders: 1 times
  @IBDeditorials: 1 times
johngillardi mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
jongillardi mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
mezmovieaday mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @UncleCreepy: 1 times
  @dreadcentral: 1 times
  @thegomez154: 1 times
klein_webdesign mentions:
nishaobaidullah mentions:
teambates mentions:
  @crecenteb: 1 times
  @leighalexander: 1 times
  @DougCoupland: 1 times
  @AndrewBucholtz: 1 times
  @jephjacques: 1 times
siouxcool mentions:
  @espiritoart: 1 times
  @espiritoart1: 1 times
  @h2eau: 1 times
  @Meerkat100: 1 times
  @Rosiecosy: 1 times
  @oakleydoakley: 1 times
  @SplashMan: 1 times
  @kiwiadian: 1 times
  @tartanink: 1 times
wildlifephotog mentions:
  @graemearcher: 1 times
camdenlockbooks mentions:
  @Gowaybird: 1 times
  @richtextformat: 1 times
  @insidebooks: 1 times
  @WillWiles: 1 times
  @AtlanticBooks: 1 times
  @Tonbridgeblog: 1 times
  @canongatebooks: 1 times
  @IslandScripter: 1 times
  @OpenBook: 1 times
bfochs mentions:
  @Kayoalcatraz: 1 times
  @SlimmDuddy: 1 times
  @QueenRBee: 1 times
kevinmhughes mentions:
  @grentone: 1 times
  @KevinMHughes: 1 times
  @cameracoz: 1 times
  @Girltrader: 1 times
  @traderpsyches: 1 times
  @MatthewsMgmtGrp: 1 times
  @AtticManTrader: 1 times
  @JinShing: 1 times
aphexyuri mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
lindacheunguk mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
r4today mentions:
  @AliChemist: 1 times
  @BBCNewsnight: 1 times
  @BBCClick: 1 times
  @bbcworld: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @bbctech: 1 times
  @bbcentertain: 2 times
  @bbcbusiness: 1 times
  @bbcscitech: 1 times
camel44 mentions:
  @ecoblog: 1 times
alicedesigns mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @rodsloane: 1 times
citizenk mentions:
  @johnperrybarlow: 1 times
  @EFF: 1 times
  @iamcatseye: 1 times
  @thefuturefire: 1 times
  @corinne: 1 times
dontforgetchaos mentions:
  @utterBEN: 1 times
abisignorelli mentions:
  @AsamAhmad: 1 times
  @RedJustRed: 1 times
deef mentions:
  @mathiaz: 1 times
  @paulina: 1 times
  @luzilla: 1 times
  @kapinski: 1 times
  @stijlroyal: 1 times
  @silenttiffy: 1 times
  @sdsucht: 1 times
  @kleinkram: 1 times
  @zehra851: 1 times
  @happyschnitzel: 1 times
  @niederlassung: 1 times
sophynorris mentions:
  @KIngAlf: 1 times
bangkokpundit mentions:
  @SatitTrang: 1 times
  @PMAbhisit: 1 times
  @KornDemocrat: 1 times
wholescience mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @OHHDLInfo: 1 times
  @DeanRadin: 1 times
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
iamazombie mentions:
  @aliceandkev: 1 times
steveintheoc mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @TereneJ: 1 times
  @Twentyfour: 1 times
amiranorris mentions:
  @brettdavidson: 1 times
daniel_eason mentions:
  @KiwiSi: 1 times
  @ShayLevy: 1 times
  @vinternals: 1 times
  @alanrenouf: 1 times
  @danieleason: 1 times
  @depping: 1 times
  @ThatDwayne: 1 times
  @gabvirtualworld: 1 times
  @afokkema: 1 times
ladyofsalzburg mentions:
  @paulsteele: 1 times
  @mistymoons: 1 times
  @ladyofsalzburg: 1 times
  @HeidiKruger: 1 times
  @milliontwits: 1 times
girlcharity mentions:
  @BananaArmy: 1 times
tiessaaudia mentions:
  @AdeAdriana: 1 times
  @athasumampouw: 1 times
littleseo mentions:
  @jkwmedia: 1 times
  @indianernews: 1 times
  @NerdInSkirt: 1 times
  @abgefahrn: 1 times
  @seounited: 1 times
  @ayudo: 1 times
  @boeserseo: 1 times
  @SheSign: 1 times
  @seo2feel: 1 times
  @Missfeldt: 1 times
oli4b mentions:
  @dane: 1 times
  @piependeelsje: 1 times
  @twityoutoo: 1 times
  @klippo: 1 times
  @steenbergen: 1 times
  @amhazenberg: 1 times
  @flekotech: 1 times
  @chillez73: 1 times
  @mennotamming: 1 times
bellaflo mentions:
  @twilightheaded: 1 times
  @gingerswan: 1 times
  @spidrmonkey: 1 times
  @RainS: 1 times
bfchirpy mentions:
  @chriscorrigan: 1 times
cmorenlp mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @monikalohmann: 1 times
  @fsgold: 1 times
  @HKarin@UliBeudgen@villabuecherbix: 1 times
  @AnneSieger: 1 times
  @idLOOP: 1 times
musclemenca mentions:
  @OfficialSuzieQ: 2 times
  @ElectronicosPR: 2 times
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @PRtoWealth: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @fadisemaan: 1 times
markching mentions:
  @tracitoguchi: 1 times
  @tenbears@diecasthawaii: 1 times
  @marcorbito: 1 times
  @mrtroi: 1 times
  @Synwpn: 1 times
  @typezero3: 1 times
  @WatariGoro: 1 times
hayleyharding mentions:
  @JacksonsArtTalk: 1 times
  @artistsmakers: 1 times
spygun mentions:
  @janevans35: 1 times
  @nibby01: 1 times
  @carola23: 1 times
  @tamaann: 1 times
marco_cali mentions:
  @JamesMW78: 1 times
rosannaclarke mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @vmtraining: 1 times
peesemould mentions:
  @CathyDirector: 1 times
sum1sstar mentions:
  @Naoij: 1 times
  @Sum1sStar: 1 times
nusennatha mentions:
  @murnahan: 1 times
  @NikNoCee: 1 times
  @omroepbrabant: 1 times
  @debasispradhan: 1 times
alhsmith mentions:
  @AsamAhmad: 1 times
  @RedJustRed: 1 times
mariegaraud mentions:
  @alexisnoyon: 1 times
vegaspkrsource mentions:
  @WoodyNds: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
diflatt mentions:
z0nic mentions:
  @thukai: 1 times
  @finurlix: 1 times
  @skogsbrann: 1 times
  @hikrito: 1 times
konstk mentions:
  @shockozulu: 1 times
  @sibeledmonds: 1 times
tweetmedjs mentions:
  @GaneshaXi: 1 times
  @fooyoung: 1 times
  @mattbeatz: 1 times
s4sukhdeep mentions:
  @realin@jasdeep@jasleenarora@limeice: 1 times
kevupnorth mentions:
  @shrifootring: 1 times
  @ladyjane: 1 times
  @kathrynrobinso: 1 times
  @paulbrichardson: 1 times
  @acljohn: 1 times
n3rin3 mentions:
  @Rathlan: 1 times
  @conradtheart: 1 times
  @MajorProblem: 1 times
  @Robi27: 1 times
  @Dannyvan: 1 times
  @NixieKitty: 1 times
  @shaneaddina: 1 times
kurzdielyrik mentions:
  @tillwe: 1 times
  @liferay: 1 times
  @CmodulBaresi: 1 times
  @monikavincent: 1 times
  @babsannette: 1 times
  @Literarchie: 1 times
  @ladystrawberry1: 1 times
  @minuzz: 1 times
  @DieGruenen: 1 times
nazeem mentions:
  @AngMoGirl: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @robinlow: 1 times
  @mutedriposte: 1 times
  @slantsmcgee: 1 times
  @shenheng: 1 times
yonaa mentions:
  @jtug: 1 times
  @snydez: 1 times
punkinwriting mentions:
  @fthc: 1 times
  @fleurdeguerre: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
  @RealBillBailey: 1 times
  @fatmike: 1 times
  @PapaBear: 1 times
  @theataris: 1 times
  @ewarthale: 1 times
rzchefredakteur mentions:
  @weinreporter: 1 times
  @WiedWesterwald: 1 times
  @Moerlen: 1 times
  @Cserepfalu: 1 times
  @Vashosszufalu: 1 times
  @HaworthVillage: 1 times
veilandtrain mentions:
  @jessicatrust: 1 times
  @diabetesuk: 1 times
  @epilepsyaction: 1 times
  @mariecurieuk: 1 times
  @NWCRF: 1 times
  @worldhepday: 1 times
  @timebank: 1 times
  @DTGlasgow: 1 times
  @lawrasavard: 1 times
  @DiFlatt: 1 times
mrkay2911 mentions:
  @hetfield85: 1 times
johanneethling mentions:
  @RaindanceFest: 1 times
  @JohanNeethling: 1 times
prateekgupta mentions:
  @partywithneha: 1 times
emilylagrange mentions:
  @PeoplemapsJuliefollowfriday: 1 times
  @ukdivorce: 1 times
  @sarahnewton: 1 times
  @yvonnerice: 1 times
  @EmilylaGrange: 1 times
  @amypalko: 1 times
  @heatherbestel: 1 times
sesp mentions:
  @vintagebooks: 1 times
injenious mentions:
  @antzpantz: 1 times
shilenpatel mentions:
  @FestivalAnnual: 1 times
mattbrowne mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
angusfarquhar mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
peter_blanchard mentions:
  @Nathaliejamois: 1 times
  @laurenceobrien: 1 times
timbo_baggins mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
csinszka mentions:
  @HaziPatikacom: 1 times
auntieyorkie mentions:
  @rbmartin: 1 times
mkchris mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
  @Yuddylicious: 1 times
catholicseeking mentions:
  @growline: 1 times
  @seekzpeace: 1 times
elodiemoreels mentions:
  @Edward04: 1 times
  @LeMonjat: 1 times
  @BasseCopette: 1 times
  @cheyroux: 1 times
e1mer mentions:
abof mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @weeclaire: 1 times
  @NotAPretender: 1 times
  @rockfeedback: 1 times
  @gigwise: 1 times
  @emmaswann: 1 times
  @KerrangMagazine: 1 times
  @TLOBF: 1 times
  @thelistmagazine: 1 times
  @rocksound: 1 times
andre22 mentions:
  @yonaa: 1 times
  @jtug: 1 times
  @snydez: 1 times
weezykid mentions:
  @mattungs: 1 times
overdraftfees mentions:
procphil mentions:
  @Nathaliejamois: 1 times
  @procphil: 1 times
  @AdrianHiggs@peterblanchard: 1 times
partywithneha mentions:
  @Riti25: 1 times
  @aDeSe: 1 times
  @ksavai: 1 times
  @rashmid: 1 times
  @greenrains: 1 times
  @Zzeba: 1 times
  @chicalit: 1 times
  @partywithneha: 1 times
  @morphiine: 1 times
  @RahulR: 1 times
mister_showtime mentions:
  @EwanAnderson: 1 times
  @PrinnyAurora: 1 times
richbreckell mentions:
jadmadi mentions:
  @KLHpeters: 1 times
  @majdtweets: 1 times
  @MERRImeASAP: 1 times
  @majdshweikeh: 1 times
  @JessicaVickery: 1 times
  @KI: 1 times
  @Sinareet: 1 times
  @JordanEvents: 1 times
  @JOmagazine: 1 times
kelii808 mentions:
  @theziggman: 1 times
jkington mentions:
  @inspirebar: 1 times
  @trishtomkins: 1 times
  @vanillasuicide: 1 times
  @laurajaneg: 1 times
  @deshayp: 1 times
jolivden mentions:
  @arnakim: 1 times
wo0 mentions:
jennyrevelle mentions:
  @godsgirls: 1 times
  @AdamRPhoto: 1 times
  @NDollaaa: 1 times
  @BBManik: 1 times
  @missmonnie: 1 times
  @itsDarkDaze: 1 times
  @YuhmmMagazine: 1 times
  @ElizabethTrump: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @tornadoliese: 1 times
felix_andrian mentions:
  @bnox: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @johangriesel: 1 times
  @Daveidaho: 1 times
  @navision: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
evzi mentions:
  @SAMER1968: 1 times
rutgerblom mentions:
  @icedsoul: 1 times
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
  @faboomama: 1 times
  @pixum: 1 times
  @Lunamir: 1 times
  @geekandahalf: 1 times
  @holgr: 1 times
  @belola: 1 times
  @hakandahlstrom: 1 times
  @ceseco: 1 times
mkinyon mentions:
  @BearmanCartoons: 1 times
luke88addis mentions:
  @Winstonita: 1 times
lopek mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
ceri_o mentions:
  @Lileks: 1 times
photo_journ mentions:
  @bangkokpundit: 1 times
  @SatitTrang: 1 times
  @PMAbhisit: 1 times
  @KornDemocrat: 1 times
elcherubin mentions:
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
behatted mentions:
  @springheel: 1 times
john_the_monkey mentions:
  @MitchBenn: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
rbuerckner mentions:
  @markparton: 1 times
petertrataris mentions:
  @Cyberela: 1 times
  @nvenia: 1 times
  @thibet: 1 times
  @MediaKoufales: 1 times
  @MaryLout: 1 times
  @AkouAuto: 1 times
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @Karageorgakis: 1 times
  @ghatzidakis@iliaskount: 1 times
esuoh mentions:
  @capelas1993: 1 times
  @petemichael: 1 times
  @JorgeSeguro: 1 times
  @vascosoares1: 1 times
  @annapires: 1 times
  @dtcnunes: 1 times
  @JMF1957: 1 times
  @agrandealface: 1 times
  @ruifelix: 1 times
free360 mentions:
insy09 mentions:
  @bendenison: 1 times
  @TheHuxCapacitor: 1 times
  @SocialSimon: 1 times
lesfloyd mentions:
  @leeboardman: 1 times
  @FionaKyle: 1 times
  @watko: 1 times
flipperville mentions:
  @Mangowe: 1 times
  @MancunianLee: 1 times
  @SplashMan: 1 times
simonwiffen mentions:
  @bendenison: 1 times
  @TheHuxCapacitor: 1 times
  @SocialSimon: 1 times
andismit mentions:
  @andrewgerrard: 1 times
rupertbiddi mentions:
  @emmydoodah: 1 times
  @davetwohig: 1 times
jordanevents mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @steitiyeh: 1 times
  @AFineFrenzy: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @FatimaJ: 1 times
  @Laylaloves: 1 times
  @TToukan: 1 times
  @tamarharby: 1 times
  @nayzek: 1 times
  @jadmadi: 1 times
  @LeeMcGrath: 1 times
eighty5er mentions:
  @BBiebel: 1 times
cyrilsavitsky mentions:
fakepiquetjr mentions:
  @fakejenson: 1 times
kooleon_m mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
dromm mentions:
  @Tobi24: 1 times
kevinsoberg mentions:
  @RichLowry: 1 times
  @WoundedWarrior: 1 times
  @greggutfeld: 1 times
  @dambisamoyo: 1 times
  @MollieKatie: 1 times
  @someGit: 1 times
  @dzurillaville: 1 times
  @StefanMK1: 1 times
  @annlisa2: 1 times
  @COasis: 1 times
befibeez mentions:
  @WalkInTheSun: 1 times
ecmodshow mentions:
  @iancreek: 1 times
  @ideaarsenal: 1 times
  @brideyrae: 1 times
  @annarwalsh: 1 times
  @henweb: 1 times
  @ECMODSHOW: 1 times
  @robscollege: 1 times
  @pinkbirdbiz: 1 times
  @SophyNorris: 1 times
kirsty_gilfo mentions:
  @tabloidterror: 1 times
portwaterdog mentions:
  @BrutustheBoof: 1 times
  @ChloeWaterDog: 1 times
kouya mentions:
  @thewisbeys: 1 times
satans_thong mentions:
  @robinmatthewfry: 1 times
blackspear mentions:
  @rhelms1: 1 times
tiarahotels mentions:
  @travel2dot0: 1 times
  @Travelaholic: 1 times
  @lonelyplanet: 1 times
  @noziotravel: 1 times
  @BrooklynNomad: 1 times
  @ConciergeQ: 1 times
  @BlackTomato: 1 times
  @sarahleetravels: 1 times
punkpolkadots mentions:
  @unitechy: 1 times
savvysaleswoman mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
celiapronto mentions:
  @STATravelUKDeal: 1 times
nigs mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
loulouwitch mentions:
  @HettyElibet: 1 times
  @Saturdaysnigger: 1 times
royalmarsden mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
kgcummings mentions:
  @whenwelisten: 1 times
  @jaimeygrant: 1 times
  @writer99: 1 times
  @cazutt: 1 times
  @DeeMarieSOA: 1 times
  @inspiredwriter: 1 times
  @RobertHruzek: 1 times
fakeplasticme mentions:
  @onrl: 1 times
  @cloverover: 1 times
  @xjuliefacex: 1 times
  @fyldelibraries: 1 times
  @LancasterPubLib: 1 times
  @worduplancs: 1 times
  @bigcitydeserter: 1 times
  @snarstar: 1 times
caseylwilson mentions:
  @wolfgroupasia: 1 times
  @evernote: 1 times
  @devonthink: 1 times
  @omnifocus: 1 times
  @deliciousmonstr: 1 times
  @ecto: 1 times
preethzzz mentions:
  @nadhiyamali: 1 times
lawdonut mentions:
  @ybcmark: 1 times
  @marketingdonut: 1 times
autografik mentions:
lilysperfumery mentions:
  @createabadge: 1 times
  @GuidesForBrides: 1 times
  @thebhf: 1 times
  @speakinguph4h: 1 times
  @macm: 1 times
tibooo mentions:
  @semioblog: 1 times
  @remybigot: 1 times
  @blogontravel: 1 times
  @JulieBBG: 1 times
  @TijuanaDotFr: 1 times
jah_rasta mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
paco_carreno mentions:
  @GabrielVaraljay: 1 times
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
  @barna0bas: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @zalexander: 1 times
  @molyhu: 1 times
cjlambert mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @johnkeypm: 1 times
rebwalsh mentions:
  @sensorpro: 1 times
  @ventrybeach: 1 times
  @eumom: 1 times
  @rollercoaster: 1 times
  @adrianweckler: 1 times
  @salspizza: 1 times
ajventer mentions:
  @DaveDuarte: 1 times
  @PottiePTA: 1 times
  @msbehavn: 1 times
  @RoxanneMaritz: 1 times
audm mentions:
  @MitchBenn: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
annamiwendel mentions:
  @juandiazdiaz: 1 times
  @marianitu: 1 times
  @SAWG: 1 times
otfd mentions:
  @BPFootball: 1 times
  @pitchslap: 1 times
  @PitchPublishing: 1 times
jon_bedford mentions:
  @stevebridger: 1 times
  @justgiving: 1 times
theotherelliott mentions:
  @stevebridger: 1 times
  @justgiving: 1 times
kasaa mentions:
  @derfreitag: 1 times
welshbybirth mentions:
  @scrambledotcom: 1 times
  @ACBChildrens: 1 times
  @LizUK: 1 times
  @CVGUK: 1 times
  @TenebraCapcom: 1 times
  @absoluteradio: 1 times
  @virginbooks: 1 times
  @GWilliams: 1 times
  @HollandsPies: 1 times
  @totalfilm: 1 times
pittkethley mentions:
  @Fannyfanackapan: 1 times
  @xplanes4u: 1 times
  @StuBakerComedy: 1 times
  @JULIANBRAY: 1 times
  @cryptoworld: 1 times
  @lookmanauthor: 1 times
  @indiaknight: 1 times
  @MarkANolan: 1 times
  @gylphi: 1 times
lindaheathnh mentions:
pam_jo mentions:
  @theNSPCC: 1 times
yaelbeeri mentions:
  @galm: 1 times
shalenamorkva mentions:
  @gilving: 1 times
sonioushka mentions:
  @LexiePixie: 2 times
  @brexians: 1 times
  @ghatzidakis: 1 times
  @mvelveretro: 1 times
  @nikoLios: 1 times
  @cathpain: 1 times
  @sotostips: 1 times
  @firefairy1: 1 times
juliarosien mentions:
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @JuliaRosien: 1 times
harkaway mentions:
  @Krizanovich: 1 times
amyshell mentions:
  @StevenToast: 1 times
marcec mentions:
  @dsusanj: 1 times
virtueme mentions:
  @TheCodeJunkie: 1 times
  @grothaug: 1 times
bill_welker mentions:
  @Sparquel: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @BulldozerLink: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @MarkIsMusing: 1 times
  @queenmisha: 1 times
joaobem mentions:
  @annaanjos: 1 times
  @JuniorJoim: 1 times
  @dhigon: 1 times
  @AnaMariaOliveir: 1 times
  @ncosta24: 1 times
  @msadio: 1 times
  @JLfernandes: 1 times
  @ciberfabio: 1 times
confuciuscat mentions:
  @ShutterBugGeek: 1 times
  @fxp123: 1 times
  @ezander: 1 times
  @koellerkoeln: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @MrsMoNJ: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @Msbbp404: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @postalguarelas: 1 times
iskandar_ahmat mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
honeyslingerie mentions:
  @egfashion: 1 times
  @LDNfashion: 1 times
  @dlovestar: 1 times
  @ASOSHayley: 1 times
  @ShrimptonCoutur: 1 times
  @swellvintage: 1 times
keyconnectors mentions:
krishnade mentions:
  @DeniseWakeman: 1 times
lxinspc mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
fakefisichella mentions:
  @fakejenson: 1 times
  @fakemansell: 1 times
mam1cutie mentions:
  @MsSophieBelle: 1 times
  @CorkyStory: 1 times
  @poppydog: 1 times
  @BellHeartsYou: 1 times
  @lillykk: 1 times
  @Jasminewoowoo: 1 times
  @sadlovelyheart: 1 times
  @theoldesttwit: 1 times
inspiredvision mentions:
  @dejerusalem: 1 times
notmywords mentions:
  @sammijade: 1 times
  @Nelia23: 1 times
  @starleigh2000: 1 times
  @pinkbunny69: 1 times
  @ShesElectric: 1 times
  @BrandyWandLover: 1 times
  @katn: 1 times
  @mimiintheworld: 1 times
  @Lady12s: 1 times
fjkeogh mentions:
  @tipperary: 1 times
papercocktail mentions:
  @krishnade: 1 times
  @DeniseWakeman: 1 times
emble64 mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
mcmorinefilms mentions:
  @KD89: 1 times
  @McNews: 1 times
  @thisplacenews: 1 times
  @DavidMcMorine: 1 times
  @shift: 1 times
  @1goody1: 1 times
  @tabogadist: 1 times
  @venomlycarnage: 1 times
nickicawood mentions:
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
  @daisychainbaby: 1 times
  @ChiggsLtd: 1 times
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
  @Tinasavage: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @mumstheboss: 1 times
moonbolt mentions:
  @MitchBenn: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
nick1lewis1 mentions:
  @adamjwalsh: 1 times
  @jamiestone3579: 1 times
  @gabchicago109: 1 times
  @Nick1Lewis1: 1 times
ditchthediet mentions:
  @swalkingtree: 1 times
  @MTTRadio: 1 times
fredavolio mentions:
  @unfinished1: 1 times
  @ccef: 1 times
  @redgecko7: 1 times
  @BillReichart: 1 times
  @PastorMark: 1 times
  @TrueSecure: 1 times
  @JohnPiper: 1 times
adamjwalsh mentions:
  @NeoplasmSix: 1 times
  @adamjwalsh: 1 times
  @RollingStones: 1 times
  @Lafondaforever: 1 times
  @SinisterDexter: 1 times
petrasuetterlin mentions:
  @Haselnusstafel: 1 times
  @tannertext: 1 times
  @vumax: 1 times
  @TonyKuehn: 1 times
  @dibro: 1 times
  @SilwerSurfer: 1 times
  @kreativgut: 1 times
  @Guckmal: 1 times
  @lechajim: 1 times
  @braintool: 1 times
  @Befehle: 1 times
arthurpdent42 mentions:
  @jesspalmer: 1 times
  @sarahkendrew: 1 times
  @provoker: 1 times
  @drisis: 1 times
  @Raivyn: 1 times
  @PRsarahevans: 1 times
  @rayofsciencee: 1 times
atheistpoint mentions:
  @vizhnet: 1 times
smuuvvgroove mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @MissShellBelle: 1 times
  @dlsHealthWorks: 1 times
  @bodywisdomin: 1 times
sudosushi mentions:
  @AdamTyson: 1 times
  @soozintheshed: 1 times
  @pinkpebs: 1 times
  @Booooothman: 1 times
  @jellyd: 1 times
  @fatbobsmammy: 1 times
  @verygoodyear: 1 times
  @danmatthews: 1 times
  @geekfaceuk: 1 times
  @evilsudosushi: 1 times
caroljs mentions:
  @LauraAWNTYM: 1 times
  @nixdminx: 1 times
  @adventuretogs: 1 times
  @daisychainbaby@molliemoo: 1 times
  @molliemoo2: 1 times
  @thatkat: 1 times
  @giagia: 1 times
  @bambinogoodies: 1 times
  @MummyBloggers: 1 times
mscyberdiva mentions:
  @quarrygirl: 1 times
  @foodeater: 1 times
drifter0658 mentions:
  @ZutRadio: 1 times
rachel_simmo mentions:
  @omairzahid: 1 times
  @holyschmoke: 1 times
  @willcarling: 1 times
  @ruggerbits: 1 times
  @nellxo: 1 times
  @deejackson: 1 times
  @GregCollins: 1 times
  @jamiedalton82: 1 times
  @cwbfeed: 1 times
  @chatters79: 1 times
creanu mentions:
rikanauck mentions:
  @savetheorang: 1 times
myth60 mentions:
  @1sweetwhirlFollowFriday: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @yashved2890: 1 times
  @Donnette: 1 times
  @Ramboswife: 1 times
  @Myth60: 1 times
  @rmilana@Nurul54: 1 times
  @iPenginBrijhe: 1 times
  @Sn0wrose: 1 times
dizzyd242 mentions:
  @RichardBPenn: 1 times
  @RichardQuest: 1 times
  @Whitsundays: 1 times
  @BobbyLlew: 1 times
  @TobyTortoise: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @TweeChing: 1 times
  @DanielAudet: 1 times
  @qurgh: 1 times
steph_jw mentions:
  @sarahndipitous: 1 times
  @Twuoted: 1 times
  @nanetteschimpf: 1 times
  @JimHunt: 1 times
donmacca mentions:
  @socialactions: 1 times
  @greenmeme: 1 times
  @cameronreilly: 1 times
  @baroondollar: 1 times
  @projectaus: 1 times
  @globalvoices: 1 times
duncanbrodie mentions:
  @Janicerobertson: 1 times
kariecouture mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @lisakifttherapy: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @edoau: 1 times
  @KarieCouture: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
  @plrperfection: 1 times
  @freakycurves: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
woodwardmw mentions:
  @kouya: 1 times
  @thewisbeys: 1 times
mled mentions:
  @yiannopoulos: 1 times
  @: 1 times
edlilo mentions:
  @stuartlamour: 1 times
  @xxjfg: 1 times
mweinelt mentions:
  @KatrinFraebel: 1 times
  @alphazeichen: 1 times
  @web2marketing: 1 times
  @Sichelputzer: 1 times
  @clab: 1 times
  @Nixeka: 1 times
cathiethurtle mentions:
  @HoveHousewife: 1 times
  @DrSamuelJohnson: 1 times
ammonyte mentions:
  @buxtonmarauder: 1 times
  @espiritoart: 1 times
  @garts: 1 times
  @greenjacket: 1 times
  @jayneale: 1 times
  @thedjp: 1 times
  @moragbrand: 1 times
  @adey77: 1 times
  @skinnermike: 1 times
  @1001noisycameras: 1 times
kvalnews mentions:
  @KVALND: 1 times
  @DenaeDArcy: 1 times
  @kvalelissa: 1 times
  @larillos: 1 times
  @JenniferWinters: 1 times
zeps1968 mentions:
  @ArturAnjos: 1 times
  @zeps1968: 1 times
  @MeOutrasMerdas: 1 times
elilusion mentions:
  @kyrsun: 1 times
  @TwilightNewsMan: 1 times
  @tobyct: 1 times
  @numerosix: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @anneloup: 1 times
  @samuelbran: 1 times
  @monophotographiy: 1 times
  @kesslerkomics: 1 times
lumison mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
toonstopia mentions:
  @AddanacCity: 1 times
  @Bazzaa: 1 times
  @DJBogtrotter: 1 times
  @dangermaus: 1 times
  @spudcomics: 1 times
  @jhorsley3: 1 times
  @Swikan: 1 times
  @CSIWebcomics: 1 times
  @CompanyManComic: 1 times
  @camffiti: 1 times
ludditewebdev mentions:
  @kirstenin: 1 times
  @SpiderBoz: 1 times
soiramk mentions:
  @Jimbo77: 1 times
  @artym: 1 times
  @ghatzidakis: 1 times
  @nmpardakis: 1 times
  @cookeecut: 1 times
  @internetakias: 1 times
  @Snolly: 1 times
  @Vortalifer: 1 times
  @MaryLout: 1 times
  @PeterTrataris: 1 times
  @Oranav: 1 times
prmack mentions:
  @Aen: 1 times
icaninspire mentions:
  @TalkingToolbox: 1 times
  @mediacoach: 1 times
maggiea mentions:
abigailjane mentions:
  @caffeinebomb: 1 times
  @Pamjo: 1 times
  @valberg: 1 times
  @stenweb: 1 times
  @danprosser: 1 times
  @lulubella76: 1 times
cothkseo mentions:
  @bethebutterfly: 1 times
  @cothkseo: 1 times
  @HKtyphoon: 1 times
sevvyn mentions:
eusavpsa mentions:
  @eusa: 1 times
  @eusavpaa: 1 times
  @eusavps: 1 times
  @eusapresident: 1 times
academy_ceo mentions:
  @Getconfident: 1 times
nuttymadam mentions:
  @Leesafar: 1 times
  @MisOH: 1 times
carmenhentschel mentions:
  @Atlantis92: 1 times
vesselproject mentions:
  @vanphotolens: 1 times
  @RoPo: 1 times
  @heartcures: 1 times
  @twhtan: 1 times
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @prayingmother: 1 times
  @UpInTheHills: 1 times
  @roruru: 1 times
  @legator02: 1 times
zegolf mentions:
  @StacyDAdkins: 1 times
  @MHFaulkner: 1 times
  @lynnftw: 1 times
  @alohaalikona: 1 times
  @Bptbtrfly: 1 times
  @hookbill: 1 times
  @ims: 1 times
becskr mentions:
  @ADelicious1: 1 times
  @becskr: 1 times
ghatzidakis mentions:
  @malakistan17: 1 times
  @Stathisgr: 1 times
  @soiramk: 1 times
  @dimrac: 1 times
  @Jimbo77: 1 times
antiquestv mentions:
  @AntiqueTweeter: 1 times
  @Peterpanohno: 1 times
  @Goldyfinch: 1 times
  @loongirl: 1 times
  @renagades: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
wearenorth mentions:
  @alexmyers: 1 times
  @feeshackleton: 1 times
  @willo10: 1 times
  @mikeeeeeeey: 1 times
  @manifestcomms: 1 times
roncallari mentions:
  @simpliflying: 1 times
natt mentions:
  @SusanCalman: 1 times
  @tubbsmcguire: 1 times
  @tonyrudd: 1 times
  @Grouch76: 1 times
  @TiernanDouieb: 1 times
  @quantick: 1 times
  @Dormousezzzz: 1 times
  @citizendan: 1 times
paulbengtsson mentions:
  @ACDDesign: 1 times
  @topcashcow: 1 times
  @IreneOfford: 1 times
  @panickal: 1 times
falk_g mentions:
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @oleuanna: 1 times
  @missb007: 1 times
  @kittysaidwhattt: 1 times
  @bre: 1 times
  @themediaisdying: 1 times
  @calculatedrisk: 1 times
  @astronautics: 1 times
  @dannychoo: 1 times
idifficult mentions:
  @IndigoWrath: 1 times
  @Fishoutofsea: 1 times
  @eolistpetite: 1 times
  @shloobee: 1 times
  @dipen: 1 times
  @pmjpmj: 1 times
  @FuzzyBumble: 1 times
  @willtompsett: 1 times
  @sammorrison: 1 times
f1lover75 mentions:
  @f1girl: 1 times
  @TheScuderia: 1 times
  @benjamincohen: 1 times
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ManipeF1: 1 times
  @JonSnowblog: 1 times
  @EvianInsiders: 1 times
malchiah mentions:
  @RebeccaMoore721: 1 times
  @laurathornton: 1 times
  @ray6955: 1 times
  @arfanchaudhry: 1 times
  @MALCHIAH: 1 times
  @amandam43: 1 times
  @stillsafe: 1 times
  @hawaiianlife: 1 times
  @garinkilpatrick: 1 times
smithlib mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
guenterexel mentions:
  @thomaskhom: 1 times
  @georgziegler: 1 times
deathlink mentions:
  @NeilH73: 1 times
  @MERutherford: 1 times
  @bullie666: 1 times
  @purplefangs: 1 times
  @followthreaper: 1 times
  @metalross: 1 times
  @uwillbeheard: 1 times
  @Akina1: 1 times
  @DebbieOo: 1 times
un_geek mentions:
  @jchavarria: 1 times
  @nchavardes: 1 times
  @Letourduweb: 1 times
  @Naginie: 1 times
arkstar17 mentions:
  @abovethelevel: 1 times
  @nicedogshop: 1 times
  @cadidilhopper: 1 times
  @batterystuff: 1 times
  @SydneyJohnston: 1 times
  @3WDesignGroup: 1 times
  @Geniedsou: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
costinsoulmate mentions:
  @AmazingGrace13: 1 times
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
yanivf mentions:
  @galm: 1 times
  @dvirreznik: 1 times
overnightwalker mentions:
  @afspnational: 1 times
pixeljase mentions:
  @markboulton: 1 times
  @elliotjaystocks: 1 times
novamc mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @promotertv: 1 times
  @fluffydbunny: 3 times
  @thafuture703: 1 times
  @DinOthman: 1 times
  @starl: 1 times
joliciousjewels mentions:
  @bullyinguk: 1 times
batturd mentions:
  @evAllTimeLow: 1 times
  @andyclemmensen: 1 times
  @bradiewebbstack: 1 times
  @serafinowicz: 1 times
  @shaundiviney: 1 times
  @timminchin: 1 times
mrantony mentions:
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @t3naciously: 1 times
  @Navl: 1 times
  @xvikki: 1 times
  @Haarlz: 1 times
  @missgiggly: 1 times
  @LittleChincha: 1 times
  @Wengles: 1 times
queenofnewyork mentions:
  @50cent: 1 times
  @lloydbanks: 1 times
  @tonyyayo: 1 times
  @djwhookid: 1 times
  @QueenofNewyork: 1 times
  @daveayling: 1 times
  @radioplanet: 1 times
  @boobootv: 1 times
  @SHADYVILLEDJS: 1 times
austinklee mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 2 times
abdl_mommy mentions:
  @askaaronlee: 1 times
grouch76 mentions:
  @natt: 1 times
dealertainercu mentions:
  @WoodyNds: 1 times
  @MKWoody: 1 times
mooney_tunes mentions:
  @god: 1 times
  @funnyjoker: 1 times
  @mooneytunes: 1 times
niallok mentions:
  @jasonroe: 1 times
  @tenacioustim: 1 times
  @EntertainmentIE: 1 times
  @cloudsteph: 1 times
  @Kevism: 1 times
  @feylya: 1 times
  @stylesiren: 1 times
  @rubot: 1 times
volker_lehmann mentions:
  @3GKonzept: 1 times
  @arcorus: 1 times
  @DanDaniel: 1 times
  @klauslimburg: 1 times
  @AdrianBreuer: 1 times
  @Hundeerziehung: 1 times
  @JoinGVO: 1 times
  @EuroZeiten: 1 times
midwestsports mentions:
  @EvianInsiders: 1 times
  @luciebartlett: 1 times
  @Midwestsports: 1 times
  @f1lover75: 1 times
  @fashiontweets: 1 times
  @infashion: 1 times
  @onthebaseline: 1 times
  @jackcian: 1 times
emilyrobe mentions:
  @derbyquad: 1 times
  @GeneHunt: 1 times
brewskiebutt mentions:
  @Grandma2422: 1 times
jmusicgod mentions:
  @jpoplovernet: 1 times
  @callmechen: 1 times
  @michichan: 1 times
belocalguide mentions:
blaktivist mentions:
  @yero69: 1 times
achim1981 mentions:
  @fxdx: 1 times
sineadailill mentions:
  @AMcDermott: 1 times
  @holyschmoke: 1 times
  @heavensgame: 1 times
  @patmoroney: 1 times
fsds mentions:
  @SheenaBee: 1 times
gene_boyd mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tomcayman mentions:
  @MitchBenn: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
prislam mentions:
  @AKGovSarahPalin: 1 times
german_tutor mentions:
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @clareevans: 1 times
dewy78 mentions:
aledwg mentions:
  @garethstwnsh: 1 times
  @Twitahw: 1 times
tinymicroserf mentions:
  @gabehabe: 1 times
  @metalross: 1 times
francitexte mentions:
  @francesamerikey: 1 times
  @AlphaProofing: 1 times
  @APStylebook: 1 times
  @Bookgal: 1 times
  @JeanieMarshall: 1 times
thomashensel mentions:
  @birdynumnumz: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @Roddee: 1 times
  @SunSwept: 1 times
  @govaporize: 1 times
  @PartyWater: 1 times
  @RobMcNealy: 1 times
  @ThomasHensel: 1 times
  @Meryl333: 1 times
lifecruiser mentions:
  @Travelogged: 1 times
  @georgehorning: 1 times
  @theplanetd: 1 times
  @rtd13: 1 times
  @JetSetCitizen: 1 times
  @MarinaVillatoro: 1 times
  @TravelWonders: 1 times
  @andrewhayes: 1 times
_velt mentions:
  @perseq: 1 times
  @tweetkite: 1 times
  @Rahashacon: 1 times
  @GeorgeOkk: 1 times
  @petwebdesigner: 1 times
  @Velt: 1 times
  @iMrNiceGuy0023: 1 times
  @AmazonCares: 1 times
foolinthetoon mentions:
  @trimmtrab: 1 times
  @deanomarr: 1 times
  @probson: 1 times
malikacatherine mentions:
  @lanegeorge: 1 times
niast mentions:
  @shinikku: 1 times
theodora8 mentions:
  @banpuppyfarmsuk: 1 times
  @Widgetty: 1 times
ryanwiblin mentions:
  @RobThGreat: 1 times
  @littlehitler: 1 times
  @nobbs1: 1 times
  @BashCarter: 1 times
lillylyle mentions:
  @videocool: 1 times
rubystar_candle mentions:
  @sparkal: 1 times
  @astradaemon: 1 times
  @soniachoquette: 1 times
  @HighPeak1stAid: 1 times
  @TheWhiteWitch: 1 times
  @ryuichisakamoto: 1 times
ehcb mentions:
  @GhostIris: 1 times
sammysays mentions:
  @ArmyMom101followfriday: 1 times
  @WifeofWar: 1 times
  @retweetit: 1 times
  @wefollow: 1 times
  @HeroBox: 1 times
  @NickHeller: 1 times
  @ronaldroe: 1 times
  @mishkybibbles: 1 times
  @DrumFMWR: 1 times
  @ISAFmedia: 1 times
  @Kibitzette: 1 times
e1000r mentions:
  @estevaosoares: 1 times
  @hellenotto: 1 times
  @clevbr: 1 times
  @tduarte: 1 times
  @ferferronato: 1 times
  @neyl: 1 times
  @webmotiva: 1 times
_stoicone_ mentions:
  @angels510: 1 times
  @HOMELESSCRISIS: 1 times
danielmcclure mentions:
shawnrainey mentions:
  @aaronarnwine: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
vitovox mentions:
  @Babyoil: 1 times
  @tunesandcars: 1 times
  @gnkieffer: 1 times
  @JasoON: 1 times
janakris mentions:
  @rdyRnot: 1 times
  @JanaKris@denisesoul@WWF: 1 times
gadataguy mentions:
  @pdurham: 1 times
  @gadataguy: 1 times
advocarestore mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @advocarewps: 1 times
  @eddruckman: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @advobowl: 1 times
  @WhateverIsta: 1 times
  @ka3drr: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
advocarewps mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @advocarewps: 1 times
  @eddruckman: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @advobowl: 1 times
  @WhateverIsta: 1 times
  @ka3drr: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
independencebwl mentions:
  @BellaVidaLetty: 1 times
  @readergirlz: 1 times
  @FLWbook: 1 times
  @LJBookReview: 1 times
  @bookdepository: 1 times
  @dailybook: 1 times
  @bizbookreview: 1 times
  @JustOneMoreBook: 1 times
tweeterfreak mentions:
  @vote4parag: 1 times
  @wheatonbrando: 1 times
  @TheP1414: 1 times
  @jmtorrey: 1 times
  @MikePera: 1 times
  @CommishChick: 1 times
  @GBGinny: 1 times
  @FF101: 1 times
ianrmcallister mentions:
  @BluegrassIT: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
bigwhale mentions:
  @freeeky: 2 times
bay_b_doll mentions:
  @SpyderD: 1 times
mrslevite mentions:
  @MarthaWade: 1 times
  @cymberrain: 1 times
hckggren mentions:
  @TheHistoryWoman: 1 times
erichatheway mentions:
  @LEAPdirect: 1 times
  @PhotogNews: 1 times
  @carotweet: 1 times
  @OklahomaMudd: 1 times
  @cestlaviv: 1 times
  @txponygirl: 1 times
  @changeisgood1: 1 times
  @monaksart: 1 times
  @LLCooley: 1 times
shadysmurf mentions:
  @Supernola1: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @shadysmurf: 1 times
  @superstupidtees: 1 times
  @fatbobsmammy: 1 times
  @Painterlily: 1 times
ilocalflorist mentions:
  @craigzuber: 1 times
  @allapparel: 1 times
  @aaronstewart: 1 times
  @srhippe: 1 times
  @TMANN1: 1 times
  @TimErway: 1 times
  @MSpight: 1 times
  @kpenrose: 1 times
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
motor_law mentions:
  @madnilk: 2 times
  @JohnnyWallace: 1 times
  @ScottLord1: 1 times
  @TheDrugJacket: 1 times
  @MotorLaw: 1 times
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
  @johnnyjkim: 1 times
stevehart mentions:
  @lynnedy: 1 times
  @amyshell: 1 times
  @GerdaDuring: 1 times
  @bookwoman60: 1 times
  @lynnali2: 1 times
tatterededges mentions:
  @nebbsy: 1 times
  @RespectTheWest: 1 times
  @FionaofToorak: 1 times
  @Rellacafa: 1 times
  @lyndons: 1 times
  @JohannaBD: 1 times
betterandgreen mentions:
  @andreashuber: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
fistralpr mentions:
  @simonwiffen: 1 times
  @TheHuxCapacitor: 1 times
  @SocialSimon: 1 times
orangesheep mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @ChrisBoardman: 1 times
hotchocolate2 mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @LornaSuzuki: 1 times
  @iGlad: 1 times
  @ecosaveology: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @nanachtoronto: 1 times
  @sola: 1 times
andrewblanda mentions:
  @untangle: 1 times
  @Mageia: 1 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
  @sydneytweetup: 1 times
  @iggypintado: 1 times
  @KirstTreth: 1 times
heyamaretto mentions:
  @ClassyWifey: 1 times
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
  @DailyStab: 1 times
  @HeyAmaretto: 1 times
  @GalleySmith: 1 times
  @DerekMassey: 1 times
cirklagirl mentions:
chumeee mentions:
  @johna404: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @pinkiepie: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
  @epcotx: 1 times
  @HillsofAfrica: 1 times
  @cHuMeee: 1 times
andromedaswake mentions:
  @ESAHerchel: 1 times
  @ESAPlanck: 1 times
  @LRONASA: 1 times
  @LCROSSNASA: 1 times
  @MarsRovers: 1 times
akirathedon mentions:
  @chillygonzales: 1 times
  @ChimpHalfpenny: 1 times
  @nickshearon: 1 times
  @Wonchopmonkeyma: 1 times
  @jeres: 1 times
  @ehsangill: 1 times
  @MSlayford: 1 times
  @jessedarling: 1 times
  @scottmoyers: 1 times
  @christt: 1 times
elrikmerlin mentions:
  @cyberdoyle: 1 times
  @mweller: 1 times
  @charlesarthur: 1 times
  @KwameOh: 1 times
  @madgestar: 1 times
  @SoullaStylianou: 1 times
  @Schroedinger99: 1 times
  @billt: 1 times
  @BlueWode: 1 times
  @ruskin147: 1 times
champers4u mentions:
  @pauvandyk: 1 times
steveroesler mentions:
  @ahoojas: 1 times
  @ketsangtai: 1 times
  @steveroesler: 1 times
  @JimHolland: 1 times
  @varunpoddar: 1 times
  @franklyPM: 1 times
tjs892 mentions:
  @info4every1: 1 times
chemchoum mentions:
  @jimmysmithtrain: 1 times
  @mikeyoung: 1 times
  @moroccanfood: 1 times
  @Footdr69: 1 times
  @hanlie: 1 times
  @livinthefitlife: 1 times
kiermasz mentions:
  @BubbleCow: 1 times
  @saltyshutter: 1 times
  @ChrisandCal: 1 times
  @MerseyMal: 1 times
  @rossjones: 1 times
raibalustenau mentions:
  @EdWohlfahrt: 1 times
  @Sichelputzer: 1 times
missyayababiee mentions:
  @OhDatsBeezy: 1 times
  @featureBlend: 1 times
  @MhdBadi: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @CzarinaCleo: 1 times
  @ComplexNumber: 1 times
  @PaulHarriott: 1 times
recnamorcen mentions:
  @ajuonline: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @normaltusker: 1 times
  @mindili: 1 times
  @JimmytheJamokie: 1 times
el_stocko mentions:
  @janebyford: 1 times
scholly_mobi mentions:
  @MobileZeitgeist: 1 times
harry_matthews mentions:
  @InOfThVo: 1 times
  @Nickems: 1 times
glasgowlassy mentions:
  @bubblegumxox: 1 times
  @casualintruder: 1 times
  @Flasetta: 1 times
  @katecameron2002: 1 times
  @LesleyM: 1 times
  @mahgww: 1 times
  @Pepsimo: 1 times
  @sloanyxxx: 1 times
  @tweetiepies: 1 times
mikebrowncomedy mentions:
  @ComicDanJohnson: 1 times
  @NateKlaerComedy: 1 times
  @therealamaru: 1 times
  @azcomedylounge: 1 times
nerapoesia mentions:
  @daniele3957: 1 times
  @ddalledo: 1 times
  @dietnam: 1 times
  @enver: 1 times
  @francescoonair: 1 times
  @fraska: 1 times
  @FreeSteel: 1 times
  @Gabry89: 1 times
  @gustomela: 1 times
  @iadunps: 1 times
  @impwins: 1 times
socialmeteor mentions:
  @macbrown: 1 times
  @geekhaiku: 1 times
  @sjnelson: 1 times
  @Ahaiku: 1 times
  @jasonm68: 1 times
scattywitch mentions:
  @dogzero: 1 times
  @2jacksandastaff: 1 times
  @missjojosmith: 1 times
  @sam65: 1 times
  @johnnycandon: 1 times
  @michaellegge: 1 times
  @neuro100: 1 times
  @malevolentlala: 1 times
_alk mentions:
  @Korben: 1 times
  @koreus: 1 times
  @Vidberg: 1 times
seasidetales mentions:
  @johnnymhunt: 1 times
  @jakerasmussen: 1 times
  @barwal1: 1 times
  @BarryMcCarty: 1 times
  @DiscovTogether: 1 times
  @nathancreitz: 1 times
  @DannyAkin: 1 times
  @imonk: 1 times
  @awomaninspired: 1 times
  @foxnews: 1 times
blinkeast mentions:
  @nigeltemple: 1 times
ritaloureiro mentions:
  @joaogoliveira: 1 times
quizzie mentions:
  @tjmcevoy: 1 times
  @claretgirl: 1 times
  @boringboo: 1 times
  @geektyrant: 1 times
  @alexdscott: 1 times
  @bendymixer: 1 times
  @boatfish: 1 times
  @h269: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @james1512: 1 times
  @michymoo: 1 times
  @psynister: 1 times
ineedatypist mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @ChristineRabel: 1 times
  @DanielleRicks: 1 times
  @DebraSnider: 1 times
  @gethoneycutt: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @zanesafrit: 1 times
kerrus mentions:
  @DandyJon: 1 times
  @Sambelina666: 1 times
  @rocksound: 1 times
  @KrazyKarina28: 1 times
  @Pinkeroonie: 1 times
  @KittyFire: 1 times
  @PrettyDisturbia: 1 times
  @stonecypher: 1 times
  @Limpygirl: 1 times
cardiacs mentions:
  @MrDavid: 1 times
  @an0key: 1 times
  @DawnMiceli: 1 times
  @paulblann: 1 times
  @emclev: 1 times
  @WadeyWade: 1 times
kingofshaves mentions:
  @flemingsean: 1 times
  @kingofshaves: 1 times
rowenaaine mentions:
  @Tymlee: 1 times
  @Adamnstar: 1 times
  @aolradio: 1 times
  @twitlandmark: 1 times
  @CommuniCause: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
  @TheDannyNoriega: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @davidcarrington: 1 times
erciliamedeiros mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
fr_gan mentions:
  @gandratruck: 1 times
tritiam mentions:
  @BBCSOS: 1 times
andreapuddu mentions:
  @HemalRadia: 2 times
  @Getconfident: 1 times
veravioletta mentions:
  @maxbemis: 1 times
reema_baby1 mentions:
  @MRG5: 1 times
  @Someoneserious: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @ludajuice: 1 times
  @darasheed: 1 times
  @IAMJUNELOVER: 1 times
uwehmartin mentions:
  @berndarnold: 1 times
sdcomic mentions:
  @BoltClock: 1 times
  @Nikkiko: 1 times
  @NOVALISTIC: 1 times
randallhaws mentions:
  @RodrigoMx: 1 times
  @JeffRSmall: 1 times
  @redheadranting: 1 times
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @IPPNW: 1 times
philstratton mentions:
  @twhtan: 2 times
  @lottiesmith: 1 times
  @sw76: 1 times
  @sandistenton: 1 times
  @LyndseyDavis: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @thekingskid37: 1 times
  @kirkfamily: 1 times
rikkikm mentions:
  @dingledebt: 1 times
davechomitz mentions:
  @NeilGasson: 1 times
andremcarvalho mentions:
  @ZinhaPintoBul: 1 times
  @AdeAlmeida: 1 times
  @VitorFraga: 1 times
  @capelas1993: 1 times
  @susanacampos: 1 times
  @nsaraiva: 1 times
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @LuisM: 1 times
  @nunonsantos: 1 times
  @RogerioFragoso: 1 times
kimshahan mentions:
  @joshpeak: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @robmedley: 1 times
  @dianehochman: 1 times
  @FreeBeing: 1 times
  @ShellyAllen: 1 times
  @Nickeyh: 1 times
  @williepiscal: 1 times
matt101279 mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
joanballester mentions:
  @elpitufo: 1 times
  @twittpalma: 1 times
danhorn mentions:
  @KellySkittles: 1 times
  @pibby: 1 times
  @warrenEllis: 1 times
  @JetGirlArt: 1 times
  @wood83: 1 times
  @emmysangk: 1 times
beliarhimself mentions:
  @FRITZde: 1 times
  @meltfestival: 1 times
  @shipsrollin: 1 times
  @HannahGedanken: 1 times
  @Beliarhimself: 1 times
revznexus mentions:
  @RickGriffin: 1 times
  @RevzNexus: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @CashMakerElite: 1 times
  @mrrodd: 1 times
  @justinpaulcole: 1 times
  @andycrash: 1 times
creativejeweler mentions:
  @CreativeEye: 1 times
  @kellibeans: 1 times
  @danamarieart: 1 times
  @tabmade: 1 times
  @crazybliss: 1 times
  @bluegrassetsy: 1 times
  @scrapincorner: 1 times
andrewghayes mentions:
  @leawoodward@jonwoodward: 1 times
gizmotastic mentions:
  @jimcalhoun: 1 times
  @SaharSarid: 1 times
  @RositaCortez: 1 times
  @photoshoptrain: 1 times
  @dirtyguvnahs: 2 times
despard mentions:
  @jamesmcgraw: 1 times
  @edwardrussia: 1 times
cmcadams mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 2 times
davetwohig mentions:
  @RupertBiddi: 1 times
freedomisnorml mentions:
  @DgurlSunshine: 1 times
  @GinaATL: 1 times
  @sarahprout: 1 times
  @listingslab: 1 times
  @sweetkisses0530: 1 times
  @FreedomIsNORML: 1 times
gardnerscot mentions:
  @pourme: 1 times
  @zwriter: 1 times
  @4wide: 1 times
  @dirtymoe: 1 times
  @StreetTeam16: 1 times
  @NASCARGirl14: 1 times
  @GeekWearsPrada: 1 times
  @Raceday11: 1 times
  @straydog9: 1 times
  @JenNiffer: 1 times
thescorela mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 2 times
alexlefley mentions:
  @danleach: 1 times
  @richardwmillar: 1 times
azuremarcommtx mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @PaulHolgorsen: 1 times
  @SarahRobinson: 1 times
  @AzureMarcommTX: 1 times
  @MamaRed: 1 times
mallyskok mentions:
  @richru: 1 times
  @greenthumbnails: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @IranTranslator: 1 times
  @Laraabcnews: 1 times
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @socialidentity: 1 times
tydalwolf mentions:
  @andysmailes: 1 times
  @TheGrimWeeder: 1 times
  @peterdonald: 1 times
  @orangy68: 1 times
  @Rooley: 1 times
  @tydalwolf: 1 times
  @SunshineCoach: 1 times
  @Runrabbit: 1 times
  @halfwelshdragon: 1 times
lpmastercheef mentions:
  @Bomblee: 1 times
isv13 mentions:
  @Marioruivo: 1 times
airjunkie mentions:
  @Astro127: 1 times
  @AstroMike: 1 times
  @astrotim: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
  @NASA360: 1 times
davefleet mentions:
  @charbrown: 1 times
  @danschawbel: 1 times
neilkleid mentions:
  @slieber234: 1 times
  @GeoffJohns0: 1 times
  @KatzMoney: 1 times
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
3def mentions:
  @beibambini: 1 times
  @BeyondPinkBlue: 1 times
  @minifashionista: 1 times
_cantus_ mentions:
  @Vestque: 1 times
  @anniemags1: 1 times
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
  @Herring1967: 1 times
  @Danatkinson: 1 times
karolltatis mentions:
  @CiMarsLover: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ABLORG: 1 times
  @30STMTHISISWAR: 1 times
  @JAREDLETO: 1 times
  @SHANNONLETO: 1 times
  @TOMOFROMEARTH: 1 times
  @PROPAGANDA2: 1 times
macdog73 mentions:
  @Xanneroo: 1 times
  @Hardeepdeepdeep: 1 times
  @TonyLetts: 1 times
  @HellenBach: 1 times
  @Valebrity: 1 times
getsweetie mentions:
  @stepmomcoach: 1 times
  @getsweetie: 1 times
  @Stepfamily: 1 times
  @RonDilbert@StepfamilyCoach: 1 times
jay_cousins mentions:
  @TerriOleary: 1 times
  @MikeEldridge: 1 times
  @JRK2323: 1 times
  @HeatherHorton: 1 times
  @jennwilliams: 1 times
  @sammacdougall: 1 times
magicmanula mentions:
  @jadar: 1 times
getoutofdebtguy mentions:
  @centsiblelife: 1 times
  @awkwardfamily: 1 times
redheadeddivak mentions:
  @lizwasher: 1 times
  @patbrough: 1 times
  @jgarvey: 1 times
  @daves: 1 times
  @gsnyder: 1 times
  @danswatik: 1 times
  @rfpdatabase: 1 times
  @jeffhobbs: 1 times
  @supergeeker: 1 times
  @dpakman: 1 times
  @missal: 1 times
  @mfallon: 1 times
wechselwelle mentions:
  @jntns: 1 times
  @contrAtom: 1 times
  @atomausstieg: 1 times
  @Wechselwelle: 1 times
  @ausgestrahlt: 1 times
androidtapp mentions:
  @motodev: 1 times
  @androidguyscom: 1 times
  @androidtapp: 1 times
  @androinica: 1 times
  @sweeterskins: 1 times
  @haykuro: 1 times
  @twistedumbrella: 1 times
  @tmobilemytouch: 1 times
donaldverger mentions:
  @hashphoto: 1 times
profcarol mentions:
  @SharonLivingstn: 1 times
cosmicgirlie mentions:
  @MissLoki: 1 times
janezrejec mentions:
  @BigWhale: 1 times
  @freeeky: 2 times
autumnpicklejar mentions:
  @egosumgoofy: 1 times
kimmolinkama mentions:
  @AlFerretti: 1 times
fvkwnl mentions:
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
asimzeeshan mentions:
  @TajdarOC: 1 times
dreamchaserintl mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
bigleaguescrew mentions:
  @realcinch: 1 times
  @ProFootballTalk: 1 times
  @ussoccer: 1 times
  @JimmyTraina: 1 times
  @JJHAR10: 1 times
  @MattAllDay: 1 times
  @ZXPennyLane: 1 times
  @rebeccaglass: 1 times
  @kolodsofun: 1 times
  @JTrevenen: 1 times
mollydot mentions:
  @spanishvocab: 1 times
  @astrodilettante: 1 times
  @japanesevocab: 1 times
retrofitted mentions:
  @loresjoberg: 1 times
aedail108 mentions:
  @xkillahkatex: 1 times
karenrobbins mentions:
  @scribbler2854: 1 times
wanderblah mentions:
  @PHILIPSVS: 1 times
nuttynewswire mentions:
  @monicahamburg: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @WhatTheDuck: 1 times
  @macsharp: 1 times
  @hebrewzzi: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
  @LuvToSparkLe: 1 times
tamirc mentions:
  @gilad1095: 1 times
holyseduction mentions:
  @TheBookseller: 1 times
  @Harkaway: 1 times
  @kenanmalik: 1 times
  @Duddy: 1 times
  @DrStuClark: 1 times
  @FionaMackenzie: 1 times
  @TomLevenson: 1 times
  @holyseduction: 1 times
vhitas mentions:
  @DannetteLewis: 1 times
  @karendavison: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @grader: 1 times
  @camuston: 1 times
  @AnnsBlogs: 1 times
  @cooldads: 1 times
carogonza mentions:
  @tammigirl: 1 times
  @auntietheses: 1 times
  @carogonza: 1 times
  @ooodaisymaeooo: 1 times
  @pestkaj: 1 times
  @nape9393: 1 times
elsebuschheuer mentions:
  @Vergraemer: 1 times
sandrajorge mentions:
  @cesar1977: 2 times
lady_twitster mentions:
  @Moonchild66: 1 times
  @Jayme1988: 1 times
  @HippyDi: 1 times
  @TVFanUK: 1 times
  @CrichtonKicks: 1 times
  @BuddingGenius: 1 times
  @joek949: 1 times
  @janeybelle15: 1 times
navysquid mentions:
  @pocketnowTweets: 1 times
  @PockeTwitDev: 1 times
  @msmobiles: 1 times
  @engadgetmobile: 1 times
  @evernote: 1 times
  @Scobleizer: 1 times
  @sbshsoft: 1 times
  @Skyfire: 1 times
  @Skype: 1 times
  @TEDchris: 1 times
fabriquefilms mentions:
  @Revolveruk: 2 times
  @confusedCoyote: 1 times
  @SodaPictures: 1 times
  @dogwoofindie: 1 times
tpviews mentions:
  @michaelreynolds: 1 times
gooruvlc mentions:
  @davetwohig: 1 times
  @thisisfib: 1 times
stocksorgolf mentions:
  @usgarules: 1 times
josiestewart mentions:
  @27d: 1 times
johnswart mentions:
  @garyobrien: 1 times
  @tommytomlinson: 1 times
gabic mentions:
  @spiceee: 1 times
garotageek mentions:
  @geek182: 1 times
lebocomix mentions:
  @mrtonylee: 1 times
  @LeaAdaFranco: 1 times
  @RyanStegman: 1 times
  @cameronstewart: 1 times
jc1000000 mentions:
  @V3couk: 2 times
mykitchenstore mentions:
  @deejackson: 1 times
  @mykitchenstore: 1 times
nelsonmaud mentions:
  @smokeyrobinson: 1 times
  @Jamie127: 1 times
  @ibwhitty: 1 times
  @mrmustard: 1 times
  @cindyscottday: 1 times
  @teambudd1: 1 times
  @vojha: 1 times
ediblesouthshor mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
studio_gal mentions:
  @pameladetlor: 1 times
  @bernen: 1 times
  @TheOnlyMoe: 1 times
  @MemoryTorch: 1 times
  @lulugirl1230: 1 times
  @studiogal: 1 times
boobnews mentions:
  @boobster: 1 times
  @DorsFeline: 1 times
  @casssidyblog: 1 times
  @boobnews: 1 times
  @lornamorgan: 1 times
  @kenistyles: 1 times
  @PumaSwede: 1 times
  @maximummaggie: 1 times
kbouldin mentions:
  @chefali: 1 times
  @gingerlemongirl: 1 times
  @glutenfreeRN: 1 times
  @jenncuisine: 1 times
  @FatFighterTV: 1 times
  @thewholegang: 1 times
  @SensitivePantry: 1 times
  @MinnieBerger: 1 times
blackhardnews mentions:
  @RockablePress: 1 times
  @wesborland: 1 times
  @kreativegarden: 1 times
newton2010 mentions:
  @Heritage: 1 times
  @LowryParkZoo: 1 times
  @C4Liberty: 1 times
  @DarrellIssa: 1 times
  @HeathWhiteaker: 1 times
  @Smith4Governor: 1 times
  @wiredmag: 1 times
kathysperlbell mentions:
  @jasoncrouch: 1 times
jazavis mentions:
  @hiptopjonny: 1 times
twiterpt mentions:
  @eusouatoa: 1 times
kouklakim mentions:
  @chickenscratch: 1 times
  @preservation: 1 times
  @langfordperry: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
tizzalicious mentions:
  @shelikescute: 1 times
  @ChantalvDuijn: 1 times
  @DIYFluffies: 1 times
  @Esthertie: 1 times
  @missoneyes: 1 times
  @Tizzalicious: 1 times
lurchiane mentions:
  @EinStefan: 1 times
mulder_cat mentions:
  @kittehcheeks: 1 times
  @babyblackbear: 1 times
  @debragarrison: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @christinalayer: 1 times
  @LoveMyPoodles: 1 times
neicey mentions:
  @Daviey: 1 times
miguelferrer mentions:
  @prc2cv: 1 times
  @Milupas: 1 times
  @buXa: 1 times
energygeekca mentions:
  @pinkpackrat: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @stephhicks: 1 times
brianrobison mentions:
  @missmussel: 1 times
  @nbrockmann: 1 times
  @frindley: 1 times
  @ogiovetti: 1 times
  @MMmusing: 1 times
  @gsandow: 1 times
  @nightafternight: 1 times
soapnights mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @kristinquintas: 1 times
  @wheresmypet: 1 times
  @PinkyYum: 1 times
  @candace14: 1 times
jerseydebmadey mentions:
  @JRStratfordQueens: 1 times
  @HeyAmaretto: 1 times
  @LesleyLambert: 1 times
  @MayaREGuru: 1 times
  @sharitweets: 1 times
  @SonyaJMills: 1 times
  @kvbuckley: 1 times
man4manken mentions:
  @BadAstronomer: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @SCederlund: 1 times
  @marcbernardin: 1 times
  @rmgrussell: 1 times
  @DLCallaway: 1 times
chrishatch mentions:
  @Tuesdaytweetup: 1 times
  @houseofhounds: 1 times
thechyllwill mentions:
  @SemuhBreezePro: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @FrankBecker: 1 times
  @Trommelfeld: 1 times
  @Buchautor: 1 times
  @PCLexikon: 1 times
  @2media: 1 times
  @Modellbahn: 1 times
  @PowerHaSe@andysmailes: 1 times
arcania mentions:
  @Jezriyah: 1 times
carolinagambler mentions:
  @TheEngineer2008: 1 times
  @RealGiJoeValdez: 1 times
  @foolsprogress: 1 times
  @ppapoker: 1 times
gruenler mentions:
  @tmatzner: 1 times
  @gruenler: 1 times
  @sebastianp1980: 1 times
maryrichmond mentions:
  @lisacall: 1 times
  @SurrendrDorothy: 1 times
  @hollib: 1 times
mirzwick mentions:
  @jameslaker: 1 times
  @mirzwick: 1 times
twiter_thinker mentions:
nvanreece mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
bizsupport4u mentions:
  @JohnLusher: 1 times
  @BizSupport4U: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @michelleflores: 1 times
ciberesfera mentions:
  @pgsimoes: 1 times
  @MariaMalo: 1 times
  @pjeronimo: 1 times
  @vanessaquiterio: 1 times
  @jomirife: 1 times
  @joliveira: 1 times
  @contrafactos: 1 times
  @esuoh: 1 times
  @guilhermem: 1 times
  @alexgamela: 1 times
bigkelleh mentions:
  @Jayme1988: 1 times
cyphotography mentions:
  @ediciuzSo: 1 times
  @CYphotography: 1 times
  @acire89: 1 times
  @MissKellyO: 1 times
simonpainter mentions:
  @BigDaveSB: 1 times
  @thebhf: 1 times
fanthefire mentions:
  @wittertainment: 1 times
  @slashfilm: 1 times
  @davechensky: 1 times
marcie14 mentions:
  @RogeriaVianna: 1 times
jcohen77 mentions:
  @LexiePixie: 1 times
  @adbert: 1 times
  @AnaSerrano: 1 times
  @JCOHEN77: 1 times
jbstanleyauthor mentions:
  @lornabarrett: 1 times
longhawl mentions:
rasimoneweber mentions:
  @Lachtrainer: 2 times
  @whorbach: 1 times
leadertalk mentions:
  @LeaderTalk: 1 times
jdenham mentions:
  @jeffreywooten: 1 times
  @codywillard: 1 times
  @seaheather: 1 times
  @linc4justice: 1 times
  @spokeup: 1 times
  @markosinski: 1 times
  @bcuban: 1 times
  @nlj: 1 times
  @markbeckwith: 1 times
fcoel mentions:
  @niemanlab: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @10000words: 1 times
  @momiperalta: 1 times
  @pogue: 1 times
thoscarpenter mentions:
  @MrsStephenFry: 1 times
  @vaincreep: 1 times
  @kathleenjoy: 1 times
  @laermer: 1 times
  @rhias: 1 times
poeticdreams mentions:
  @RSDBeGone: 1 times
  @frankstallone: 1 times
  @GiveChase: 1 times
  @orchesis: 1 times
  @grayreef: 1 times
  @willowing: 1 times
  @artsykari: 1 times
  @SunnyCrittenden: 1 times
  @marylin: 1 times
  @mypaintedthings: 1 times
johnkell mentions:
  @alexstevenson: 1 times
  @Bang2Write: 1 times
  @katbrightlights: 1 times
  @mattforde: 1 times
whatswithinu mentions:
  @bradshorr: 1 times
inspirationguy mentions:
  @Debbiethewriter: 1 times
  @PlymSlackSpace: 1 times
captainfromcdu mentions:
  @AKAVirtualPA: 2 times
  @geehall1: 1 times
  @mrbilliam: 1 times
  @sammutimer: 1 times
rob_399 mentions:
  @JamieRoss7: 1 times
danoosha mentions:
  @kreeve: 1 times
  @Danoosha: 1 times
  @jonreed: 1 times
  @samatlounge: 1 times
  @farrownball: 1 times
tow411 mentions:
  @WreckedOnSPEED: 1 times
  @towPartners: 1 times
  @towmategin: 1 times
  @TxGirlExFl: 1 times
  @gentlyrotate: 1 times
  @AAAnews: 1 times
  @CHyde: 1 times
  @newsAAAet: 1 times
  @driverside: 1 times
puina mentions:
  @SilentKW: 1 times
  @saeryph: 1 times
scarlettdancer mentions:
  @thesnarkyone: 1 times
nandamelonio mentions:
  @cleidianesilva: 1 times
  @skrol: 1 times
  @LucianaCouto: 1 times
  @geoeuzebio: 1 times
  @marileal: 1 times
execbp mentions:
  @digitalcaffeine: 1 times
spsweetsunshine mentions:
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @soulpoetrysite: 1 times
  @Pickering: 1 times
  @abduzeedo: 1 times
  @pudditatso: 1 times
  @DarkPiano: 1 times
travelwthemagic mentions:
  @Touringplans: 1 times
  @MOMbotv: 1 times
  @JasonGarcia: 1 times
  @MikeScott8: 1 times
  @HireAttire: 1 times
  @mommyperks: 1 times
  @MomCentral: 1 times
  @KyleDuffield: 1 times
  @DonnaAntoniadis: 1 times
coyotetoo mentions:
  @JessicaD: 1 times
jacquidarlow mentions:
  @SimonPainterShow: 1 times
  @justgiving: 1 times
  @heatherbird: 1 times
  @jonbedford: 1 times
  @sophdea: 1 times
jackiecross mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
bryan_kavanagh mentions:
  @kravmascara: 1 times
  @strongsarah: 1 times
  @rocofit: 1 times
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @danielhautjob: 1 times
  @liakov: 1 times
  @kettlebellqueen: 1 times
  @privatstudmuff: 1 times
  @funnyclub: 1 times
pink_lolly mentions:
  @supermini63: 1 times
  @lindsay513: 1 times
  @1critic: 1 times
  @deadbrokes: 1 times
  @CanadasMichelle: 1 times
  @LavaLampLV: 1 times
  @FifiFlowers: 1 times
thedebtadviser mentions:
  @onlinedealcheck: 1 times
  @profservonline: 1 times
  @TheDebtAdviser: 1 times
  @garyperlmutter: 1 times
  @rach49: 1 times
barbarakb mentions:
  @: 1 times
wayfarerxxxx mentions:
  @IndywoodFILMS: 1 times
  @baker2d: 1 times
  @Fearshop: 1 times
kevinstirtz mentions:
  @PamelaM: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @EaglesFlightOne: 1 times
  @marilynsuttle: 1 times
trialbyjury mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @jakethebeagle: 1 times
  @VegasWholesale: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
  @ksscooby: 1 times
  @motivationteam: 1 times
prosperbydesign mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @gorentals: 1 times
  @solabrite: 1 times
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @ForexMadeEasy: 1 times
kiddetective mentions:
  @geekasaurusrex: 1 times
  @jerseyjesus: 1 times
  @danadangerrr: 1 times
libreros mentions:
  @luisermusica: 1 times
  @joserafael: 1 times
  @infelix: 1 times
  @oyesto: 1 times
  @JuanPFeo: 1 times
  @Edelweiss: 1 times
  @Petruscosas: 1 times
  @AltairDV: 1 times
  @PeriodistaGuaro: 1 times
  @l: 1 times
whatchudo mentions:
  @ToddSanning: 1 times
  @megoon: 1 times
  @PRGalforhire: 1 times
linkibol mentions:
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @TheGourmetGirl: 1 times
  @Callaman: 1 times
  @AmyHale: 1 times
  @Zombiephile: 1 times
  @GregLaycock: 1 times
  @perfectpositive: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @MaheshKukreja: 1 times
  @edgizmo: 1 times
eleart mentions:
thetutugirl mentions:
  @Jodifur: 1 times
zastef mentions:
  @razvanantonescu: 1 times
  @TheFUA: 1 times
coachingspirit mentions:
  @GaryGlasscock: 1 times
gratitudecircle mentions:
  @TammyDantzler: 1 times
  @GoAskKatie: 1 times
  @Waldbewohner: 1 times
  @gratitudecircle: 1 times
  @nellieh: 1 times
stalkingforen mentions:
  @KallieyRT: 1 times
  @zwangsneurose: 1 times
  @Puh: 1 times
  @DocKlaus: 1 times
kalliey_ mentions:
  @zwangsneurose: 1 times
  @Puh: 1 times
  @DocKlaus: 1 times
pollybart mentions:
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
jamiedilworth mentions:
  @arigoldfilms: 1 times
_sandrinha_ mentions:
momsmenu mentions:
  @Foodbridge: 1 times
  @pattyhealth: 1 times
  @Whiskfoodblog: 1 times
  @healthymealscom: 1 times
  @STLPhoto: 1 times
cjbart mentions:
  @ShawnaCoronado: 1 times
  @joegardener: 1 times
kazthomas mentions:
  @peopleincubator: 1 times
stefna mentions:
  @stefna: 1 times
  @arnikar: 1 times
  @bimmi: 1 times
  @harabanar: 1 times
  @thrstn: 1 times
eli_lama mentions:
  @traveldudes: 1 times
  @chiangmaivisit: 1 times
  @brianpeters: 1 times
  @safariguide: 1 times
  @thebestofzambia: 1 times
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @kevinils: 1 times
  @algarveandaze: 1 times
clearedjobsnet mentions:
  @maxnewsroom: 1 times
  @WFED: 1 times
  @federalnewsradiocom: 1 times
grumpy_cow mentions:
  @justads: 1 times
  @CherylH77: 1 times
  @MoocherGirl: 1 times
  @ladyfirey: 1 times
  @TraceyMmm: 1 times
  @Kerrin1978: 1 times
  @AusRob: 1 times
williamfro mentions:
  @mkayes: 1 times
  @jameshaskell: 1 times
dgvelaw mentions:
  @rwohlner: 1 times
  @dgvelaw: 1 times
natasharamsey mentions:
  @carmenshirkey: 1 times
hash_usmnt mentions:
  @ssommerfeld: 1 times
  @ussoccer: 1 times
  @LandonDonovan: 1 times
  @FreddyAdu11: 1 times
  @JozyAltidore17: 1 times
  @CharlieDavies10: 1 times
  @S: 1 times
tkraz mentions:
  @sadone: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
richardmapley mentions:
  @selectedsides: 1 times
  @tinymicroserf: 1 times
  @gabehabe: 1 times
  @imbirdgirl: 1 times
  @nickbrickett: 1 times
  @rudewon: 1 times
  @dramaqu88n: 1 times
10minutewriter mentions:
  @vesselproject: 1 times
  @ColleenMHammond: 1 times
  @garymurning: 1 times
  @Flossyadam: 1 times
  @tapestryofgrace: 1 times
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @HomeschoolBlogs: 1 times
  @elizabethesther: 1 times
bigpix2000 mentions:
  @TankaBarLinda: 1 times
vhop_nation mentions:
  @jurinetblade: 1 times
  @NicOLas88: 1 times
  @nkangel74: 1 times
  @nkotblorib: 1 times
  @rhonnyreaper: 1 times
  @TreShaun2: 1 times
missrosaliehale mentions:
  @JacobSWolf: 1 times
  @SamUley1986: 1 times
  @EmilyUley: 1 times
  @WolfLeahC: 1 times
  @SethClearwater: 1 times
  @CallEmbry: 1 times
  @The1BillyBlack: 1 times
  @RachieBlack: 1 times
  @ClaireSunshine: 1 times
miamiadschool mentions:
  @reelsmart: 1 times
  @auctioneerist: 1 times
  @ChicagoBungalow: 1 times
  @tkells: 1 times
  @gravitywins: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @darlingnikki08: 1 times
  @MoriahJovan: 1 times
  @Katetheright: 1 times
djkcray mentions:
  @24K: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
  @CaesarsPalace: 1 times
  @HardNox: 1 times
  @EastCoastGamblr: 1 times
  @PalmsLasVegas: 1 times
  @phVegas: 1 times
  @LuxorLV: 1 times
  @SkeeTV: 1 times
  @Jhoggie: 1 times
  @DJJeffreyThomas: 1 times
indieceo mentions:
  @GalleriaLinda: 1 times
  @pillowthrowdeco: 1 times
  @tryshz: 1 times
  @naturliche: 1 times
  @debrasdesigns: 1 times
  @beaumondejewels: 1 times
  @mtndreamers: 1 times
  @anise: 1 times
tbochris mentions:
jba_groomr mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
joehendricks mentions:
  @shadowcall: 1 times
garethgeorge mentions:
  @carlmartin: 1 times
  @Urps: 1 times
  @thesourceress: 1 times
  @cheekyclaire: 1 times
markgr mentions:
  @RideForRoswell: 1 times
wanderlustwomen mentions:
  @michellefabio: 1 times
paulinemm mentions:
  @banpuppyfarmsuk: 1 times
jmwernette mentions:
  @marilynsuttle: 1 times
  @TheCPO: 1 times
  @ShawneTV: 1 times
  @lifebalancechik: 1 times
  @MaryJaneMapes: 1 times
  @CrankyBuster: 1 times
  @NSAMichigan: 1 times
cc_star mentions:
  @necessaryforce: 1 times
jmroskell mentions:
  @OfficialBB: 1 times
  @OfficialVernonK: 1 times
  @Christinemufc: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @5LiveF1: 1 times
  @jakehumphreyf1: 1 times
  @ditavonteese: 1 times
  @MillsTheMusical: 1 times
tdubtx mentions:
  @christomorpher: 1 times
  @kwesiRobertson: 1 times
  @rjw8888: 1 times
  @boogdog: 1 times
  @saraking817@seismic007: 1 times
  @ulcma: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
  @ulTraBoy: 1 times
  @ntinaz: 1 times
followbike mentions:
  @Elizrael: 1 times
  @YehudaMoon: 1 times
carlfrappaolo mentions:
  @sadakit: 1 times
  @panklam: 1 times
  @dankeldsen: 1 times
  @ronmiller: 1 times
justinbryant mentions:
  @LindsayManfredi: 1 times
  @JustinBryant: 1 times
kewler mentions:
  @ajinkyaforyou: 1 times
  @callmechen: 1 times
  @volvereve: 1 times
  @nurul54: 1 times
  @kewler: 1 times
carolmikel mentions:
  @Jersey1127: 1 times
  @CDJAY: 1 times
  @emgtay: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @ShannonBlalock: 1 times
hhhernandez mentions:
  @mmcgovern: 1 times
glcuccureddu mentions:
  @JoshChernin: 1 times
  @calmcompassion: 1 times
  @glcuccureddu: 1 times
  @GreenEnergyNews: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @chrisrbrown: 1 times
  @sanjeevnaik: 1 times
  @tm: 1 times
vretenooo mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
  @BeatlesTweets: 1 times
  @dkmashino: 1 times
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @RollingStone: 1 times
  @MrsDirtyMar: 1 times
ryuichi13 mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
campos11 mentions:
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @fakeMariaEmilia: 1 times
  @anameireles: 1 times
  @campos11: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @jccsantos: 1 times
  @pezinhosnareia: 1 times
  @aborboleta: 1 times
  @AnaRLuis: 1 times
sensorywhisper mentions:
  @tonymorel: 1 times
  @LaraNewman: 1 times
  @bnorty: 1 times
ditesco mentions:
  @trialbyjury: 1 times
  @GossipGabbyGirl: 1 times
  @steigerlaw: 1 times
  @ditesco: 1 times
  @OldeGreywoolfe: 1 times
  @consultingqueen: 1 times
  @ITSprofessional: 1 times
  @IconEnterprises: 1 times
takingnotice mentions:
  @wildlifeforever: 1 times
jddalton mentions:
  @Spidey004: 1 times
just_some_lady mentions:
  @Markable: 1 times
lindsaycullen17 mentions:
  @photocullen: 1 times
  @myria101: 1 times
  @Mkenn076: 1 times
  @brittnay2727: 1 times
  @nicolewilson: 1 times
skivensky mentions:
  @R0gueWarri0r: 1 times
  @DenLeSautreau: 1 times
leesafar mentions:
  @RobertGirandola: 1 times
  @ToddBrink: 1 times
kcdivatia mentions:
  @wally97: 1 times
advobowl mentions:
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @StAnnsHospice: 1 times
rspca_official mentions:
  @craftymaddie: 1 times
  @mikegarrick: 1 times
  @hibbsy: 1 times
  @Yorksville: 1 times
  @SpikeTheLobster: 1 times
earthglow mentions:
  @asiansteev: 1 times
bible4success mentions:
  @gillardg: 1 times
  @advocarewps: 1 times
  @eddruckman: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @advobowl: 1 times
  @WhateverIsta: 1 times
  @ka3drr: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
jesus247365 mentions:
  @vote4parag: 1 times
  @wheatonbrando: 1 times
  @TheP1414: 1 times
  @jmtorrey: 1 times
  @MikePera: 1 times
  @CommishChick: 1 times
  @GBGinny: 1 times
  @FF101: 1 times
aileen2u2 mentions:
  @randytho: 1 times
  @aileen2u2: 1 times
  @7rex: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @MichaelCastro: 1 times
  @Swisscow86: 1 times
msstallings mentions:
  @GregRuby: 1 times
darshanalibrary mentions:
  @timbury: 1 times
redinabluestate mentions:
  @CrabbyCon: 1 times
  @MossInterest: 1 times
  @BOTeleprompter: 1 times
joelyah mentions:
  @catatoniccat: 1 times
  @debsa: 1 times
  @boogaloo1: 1 times
  @alfieholloway: 1 times
  @ojcollins: 1 times
  @nebtweet: 1 times
  @tommyblx: 1 times
  @stevebomford: 1 times
  @naoiseryan: 1 times
  @bigdippo: 1 times
  @nicy: 1 times
adreich mentions:
  @jobserf: 1 times
amrspace mentions:
  @khaledalhourani: 1 times
  @ibnatef: 1 times
  @oqz: 1 times
  @AmrEzzat: 1 times
  @mobde3net: 1 times
  @mkhDev: 1 times
  @amaiko: 1 times
  @lassecgen: 1 times
  @SaadTech: 1 times
  @daliaziada: 1 times
  @sauditech: 1 times
  @egarnous: 1 times
kimsvanderwall mentions:
  @karyva: 1 times
bassguitar65 mentions:
  @sc430girl: 1 times
  @mariahdawn: 1 times
  @rebeccahession: 1 times
  @sassygirl4444: 1 times
kenshepherd mentions:
  @MatthewJLB: 1 times
  @LyndsiM: 1 times
  @DavidAll: 1 times
withlovealone mentions:
  @Murfbsurfn78: 1 times
celiasaraiva mentions:
  @frgan: 1 times
sleepydumpling mentions:
  @grumpycow: 1 times
paolapersona mentions:
  @nortonlimajr: 1 times
  @alexprimo: 1 times
  @esquinadamusica: 1 times
shash mentions:
  @SomaCowGeoff: 1 times
  @gamingwithbaby: 1 times
  @hockeymandad: 1 times
danadolan mentions:
  @deblavoy: 1 times
ftmyerssoupktch mentions:
  @MakingStridesFM: 1 times
  @StudioNartist: 1 times
  @stone239: 1 times
  @DirOfCapeCoral: 1 times
  @advancnonprofit: 1 times
  @backwatersteve: 1 times
  @kbolesen: 1 times
  @cindystarnes: 1 times
catjgoddard mentions:
  @mumstheboss: 1 times
beefranck mentions:
  @benjibot: 1 times
vichussmith mentions:
  @Douceswild: 1 times
  @NaiveLondonGirl: 1 times
  @LadyESH: 1 times
  @DarylSurat: 1 times
  @ninjasistah: 1 times
  @IamKent: 1 times
  @jimmyaquino: 1 times
  @GeekSyndicate: 1 times
superstupidtees mentions:
  @donjamokie: 1 times
  @jamokies: 1 times
  @sirlancelotsv: 1 times
sarasotadream mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
kathyholmes mentions:
  @Bodie28: 1 times
  @DisneyFrankness: 1 times
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
  @DisneyDreaming: 1 times
  @CopyPixie: 1 times
  @NDM1: 1 times
  @grumpwurst: 1 times
  @DisneyFoodBlog: 1 times
  @duckyislost: 1 times
fannyfae mentions:
  @pahistoria: 1 times
  @mrswormwood: 1 times
  @mandamuses: 1 times
  @simplyjaye: 1 times
  @ursamaterna: 1 times
  @HoodedMan: 1 times
  @autumnpicklejar: 1 times
mrsesme_cullen mentions:
  @NessieCullen1: 1 times
  @RenesmeeCarlie: 1 times
  @EsmeCullen44: 1 times
  @AlicesBoy: 1 times
  @RosesToy: 1 times
  @LambBellaCullen: 1 times
  @MessYourMind: 1 times
  @emmettcullen07: 1 times
sarajur mentions:
  @RichardAGeorge: 1 times
  @danleach: 1 times
  @richardwmillar: 1 times
meats_off mentions:
  @glmmc: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
  @BeatlesTweets: 1 times
  @dkmashino: 1 times
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @RollingStone: 1 times
  @MrsDirtyMar: 1 times
jiggsy91 mentions:
  @DaveDube: 1 times
  @JohnCleese: 1 times
  @ShawnRobinson: 1 times
  @ChadNilsson: 1 times
  @TomZiglar: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
  @BigRichB: 1 times
  @jiggsy91: 1 times
mmohub mentions:
  @Joylia: 1 times
  @asianartmuseum: 1 times
  @MMOHub: 1 times
  @aeriagames: 1 times
  @nerdist: 1 times
  @joystiqall: 1 times
  @gamingangel: 1 times
  @gamebrit: 1 times
  @g4tv: 1 times
  @louiethecat: 1 times
  @xplay: 1 times
nerdessence mentions:
  @CountBlackula: 1 times
callous_ mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @TheFatBoys: 1 times
  @PureLasVegas: 1 times
  @CALLOUS: 1 times
  @MARZILLA: 1 times
  @MARSZILLA: 1 times
  @streetjrmuzik: 1 times
akamerlim mentions:
  @djm0dey: 2 times
  @akamerlim: 1 times
wordinyourheart mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @ReneeJRoss: 1 times
  @mochamom365: 1 times
  @mommydaddyblog: 1 times
exerciseguide mentions:
  @aboutdotcom: 1 times
  @politicalhumor: 1 times
  @ideafit: 1 times
  @PilatesAbout: 1 times
  @TrishaTorrey: 1 times
big_jim mentions:
  @wylthenemesis: 1 times
  @terri5me2000: 1 times
  @LaCakes: 1 times
  @IndywoodFILMS: 1 times
  @Magnetgirl: 1 times
  @luveysun: 1 times
  @mjh81: 1 times
tsholo_m mentions:
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @27dinners: 1 times
redsabby mentions:
  @LGReilly: 1 times
  @Tuphlos: 1 times
  @Markus64: 1 times
  @breporter: 1 times
  @MarkIsMusing: 1 times
  @HermanoGeoff: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @Redsabby: 1 times
  @StephanieALloyd: 1 times
britl mentions:
  @tvongaza: 1 times
  @bensbowels: 1 times
realizedbot mentions:
rnid mentions:
  @sensetweets: 1 times
mark_crase mentions:
  @NightShade10: 1 times
  @PheasantPhun: 1 times
  @ebrown2112: 1 times
  @upfront123: 1 times
  @TopOThHilStudio: 1 times
  @wendywings: 1 times
  @TinaRosalie: 1 times
  @markcrase: 1 times
  @Bo: 1 times
crazyjack24 mentions:
motoko34 mentions:
  @SubmitArmy: 1 times
myadventureguy mentions:
  @hashstats: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @donmarkweb: 1 times
  @seoleadbot: 1 times
englishlog mentions:
  @mellancia: 1 times
  @marcusrg: 1 times
  @talkbacksite: 1 times
  @ladyrasta: 1 times
  @yanario: 1 times
  @ideafixa: 1 times
mrsangell mentions:
  @geobart: 1 times
  @cbdawson: 1 times
  @AifeEarthstone: 1 times
  @MrsAngell: 1 times
ndnb mentions:
jenniferbuckles mentions:
  @lovelylondon: 1 times
  @becca315: 1 times
akapudge mentions:
  @MrSOuTsPoKeN88: 1 times
  @PhillyGG: 1 times
  @ParrisO: 1 times
  @PozzieMusic: 1 times
  @QDEEZY215: 1 times
  @RaheemBrock: 1 times
  @shamara99: 1 times
  @SummerJersey: 1 times
  @MrSoUtSpOkEn88@SyidahK: 1 times
oregonslacker mentions:
  @easports: 1 times
  @Bfheroes: 1 times
  @CriterionGames: 1 times
  @NeedforSpeed: 1 times
  @Ubisoft: 1 times
  @RockstarGames: 1 times
  @PandemicStudios: 1 times
  @EA: 1 times
themonkeytramp mentions:
  @itsmorrissey: 1 times
dandanglover mentions:
  @RubricalEye: 1 times
madamminnie mentions:
  @moriagerard: 1 times
wasteh mentions:
  @baniJ: 1 times
dodjet mentions:
  @2of5: 1 times
  @thedukeofmetal: 1 times
  @SanjAtkar: 1 times
  @sebastianbach: 1 times
  @PapsX101: 1 times
  @BethP13: 1 times
  @mandycsmith: 1 times
variancepublish mentions:
  @DavidLMcAfee: 1 times
  @authorjjhebert: 1 times
seejanetweet mentions:
  @ZeroFatalities: 1 times
foodallassist mentions:
  @FoodAllergyBuzz: 1 times
  @kfatweets: 1 times
  @foodallassist: 1 times
  @LindaCoss: 1 times
  @rationaljenn: 1 times
  @nutfreemom: 1 times
  @foodallergybuzz: 1 times
willlord mentions:
  @cho1: 1 times
  @usembassyzambia: 1 times
  @webopenzambia: 1 times
  @aznumis: 1 times
  @thebestofzambia: 1 times
craftwordy mentions:
  @weschicklit: 1 times
derikp mentions:
  @lowflyingrocks: 1 times
  @LeilaniMunter: 1 times
  @mitre: 1 times
joecassels mentions:
  @WAMCARE: 1 times
  @wamcare: 1 times
  @redtoffee: 1 times
  @perpetualspiral: 1 times
  @wiccan13: 1 times
  @nicolajanebaker: 1 times
jamesptyler mentions:
guamtinkerbell mentions:
  @militaryupdates: 1 times
deuscronos mentions:
  @ritaloureiro: 1 times
  @deuscronos: 1 times
katietaybus mentions:
  @luziazollinger: 1 times
  @elisaweiss: 1 times
  @sdenevy: 1 times
  @KatieTaybus: 1 times
  @maxmarkson: 1 times
  @CXClausen: 1 times
  @ticketpark: 1 times
  @umdiewelt: 1 times
vaibhav mentions:
  @hostelmana: 1 times
  @fcutitta: 1 times
  @aakash: 1 times
  @labnol: 1 times
anneg33 mentions:
  @vaincreep: 1 times
jadelt mentions:
  @PrimoAssistance: 1 times
  @DarleneVictoria: 1 times
  @KenaRoth: 1 times
  @YourSavvyVA: 1 times
  @MarsVA: 1 times
  @jkvirtualoffice: 1 times
  @DeeVAs: 1 times
  @TargetStars: 1 times
carinberger mentions:
  @BonnieAdamson: 1 times
  @scholastic: 1 times
  @randomhousekids: 1 times
  @littlebrown: 1 times
june4th mentions:
  @CollectorManiac: 1 times
  @kirkleesunity: 1 times
  @hopenothate: 1 times
  @WALUAR: 1 times
  @TPW: 1 times
  @amyskababy: 1 times
  @fireballdarren: 1 times
  @maggiethatcher: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
crfalls mentions:
  @UnckleP: 1 times
  @Jspazzin: 1 times
  @MollyJ87: 1 times
  @crfalls: 1 times
  @peech: 1 times
  @YungLyrik: 1 times
  @GEDASH: 1 times
  @CHAMPPARKER: 1 times
  @LGDAGREAT: 1 times
junihh mentions:
  @Luiga: 1 times
queenbd mentions:
  @eternallust: 1 times
  @HDiddyDollar: 1 times
  @DanielleRicks: 1 times
  @QueenBD: 1 times
  @JazzBuddafly: 1 times
  @Aminabuddafly: 1 times
  @CKRP: 1 times
  @KingofBrooklyn: 1 times
  @yorkhugo: 1 times
  @Canayda: 1 times
diplomatic0 mentions:
jennsbookshelf mentions:
  @andreadesherb: 1 times
louis_louis_66 mentions:
  @FranAspiemom: 1 times
  @klj11: 1 times
  @earthmom22: 1 times
  @spectrummother: 1 times
  @CherryPoint49: 1 times
  @iheartcuddles: 1 times
dazron mentions:
  @nickbilton: 1 times
coachdebbi mentions:
  @ErinKennedyCPRW: 1 times
stephdanforth mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 2 times
  @cutitouttees: 1 times
  @LouiseKaelin: 1 times
  @jaheed: 1 times
  @vincenthunt: 1 times
  @kprincess: 1 times
  @tyme: 1 times
  @ThemelisCuiper: 1 times
rbeale mentions:
  @mikefixs: 1 times
  @EFranz13: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
  @dmscott: 1 times
  @inSocialMedia: 1 times
  @BostonMike: 1 times
  @mackcollier: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
cmewebs mentions:
  @CmeWebs: 1 times
  @MartinDiano: 1 times
  @judyrey: 1 times
ritafresh mentions:
  @victordomingos: 1 times
  @promais: 1 times
annemazer mentions:
  @asteger: 1 times
  @bukoff: 1 times
  @valkyrierisen: 1 times
  @mlomb: 1 times
  @counternotions: 1 times
dfwpets mentions:
  @dajobi: 1 times
langit_anghel mentions:
  @TBoneLaw: 1 times
  @sherrylawrence: 1 times
supernaut76 mentions:
  @kitschkween: 1 times
paulinhavilela mentions:
  @paolopersona: 1 times
  @SoninhaFrancine: 1 times
  @PedroCardoso: 1 times
tuni324 mentions:
  @jenmorack: 1 times
  @DebCE: 1 times
  @CETEAM: 1 times
  @LorriW: 1 times
gnimmons mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
exploreandeat mentions:
  @angiefoodmuse: 1 times
  @kitchenmonki: 1 times
  @AlizaEss: 1 times
  @PhillyPicks: 1 times
  @Sandvichorg: 1 times
susantravels mentions:
  @TravelSocial: 1 times
cotoba mentions:
  @AnaSartor: 1 times
  @TWIITTECO: 1 times
  @Julymartins: 1 times
  @pablooo182: 1 times
  @vilaoooo: 1 times
  @cotoba: 1 times
yatpundit mentions:
dallomong mentions:
  @rentalscout: 1 times
  @RevNYou: 1 times
  @rentshout: 1 times
  @buildium: 1 times
brakarel mentions:
  @princessmisia: 1 times
dedikatedva mentions:
  @ScreamingEagle1: 1 times
ghs62 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
rogodeville mentions:
  @fehlerleser: 2 times
  @luxusleben: 1 times
  @bage: 1 times
ian_si mentions:
  @ambermatson: 1 times
  @sj32: 1 times
  @jenbishopsydney: 1 times
  @emvicw: 1 times
  @sunday28: 1 times
  @decodelight: 1 times
  @holykatie: 1 times
  @allisonnazarian: 1 times
  @stinemariell: 1 times
vampstilettos69 mentions:
  @VampireVincent: 1 times
  @VampGabriel: 1 times
shortjewish mentions:
  @benjilovitt: 1 times
  @EcoChic: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
brainzooming mentions:
  @sokoloffharness: 1 times
  @katclothing: 1 times
  @KCSmallBiz: 1 times
ettarose mentions:
  @1txsage1957: 1 times
  @proletariatof1: 1 times
  @KevinMinott: 1 times
  @MosesHawk: 1 times
  @RefugeesIntl: 1 times
  @stephhicks: 1 times
  @DKDASH: 1 times
  @SaveDarfur: 1 times
  @winkfromblueyes: 1 times
  @TLW3: 1 times
radiodentata mentions:
  @TheGourmetGirlNotable: 1 times
  @chezus1: 1 times
  @TheChefsWife: 1 times
  @ChefKathy: 1 times
  @Chefashbabe: 1 times
  @haleysuzanne: 1 times
  @kunaraven13: 1 times
  @LifebyChocolate: 1 times
alliedcentral mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @MicheleKnight: 1 times
  @AlliedCentral: 1 times
  @10Yetis: 1 times
wuup mentions:
  @lilyroseallen: 1 times
  @nickstocks: 1 times
  @WebSourcEast: 1 times
  @SEOThis: 1 times
vintagemooose mentions:
  @oudiantebi: 1 times
  @McLaughlin: 1 times
  @Yorkshire11: 1 times
  @Mirphygirl: 1 times
  @JasonBradbury: 1 times
  @JustBruty: 1 times
  @ditzyp: 1 times
  @McphistoMr2U: 1 times
  @philoUK: 1 times
melechthomas mentions:
  @TrinityChicago: 1 times
  @Vashtimckenzie: 1 times
  @jamalhbryant: 1 times
  @MerciiMe: 1 times
finv mentions:
  @physilo: 1 times
  @beatewie: 1 times
  @DieBestenSterne: 1 times
  @emiliablue: 1 times
  @Calmund: 1 times
  @Lachtrainer: 1 times
  @PRcollect: 1 times
  @mbeyer: 1 times
  @sulaswalkabout: 1 times
laurindab mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
  @MarkOOakes: 1 times
mick_blake mentions:
  @LovedayFools: 2 times
  @portiswasp: 1 times
  @SmanthaChapman: 1 times
  @mickblake: 1 times
sashanicole mentions:
  @sceverett: 1 times
  @fotopunk: 1 times
  @jolie77: 1 times
  @theronaldbrown: 1 times
  @totallyrad: 1 times
  @zoocat: 1 times
pacesetters mentions:
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @JamesGoiJr: 1 times
  @sotiris1: 1 times
  @bendtheweb: 1 times
  @BreakYourChain: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
  @TwTestDummy: 1 times
  @EasyWorldJulia: 1 times
  @venus: 1 times
iwhodareswins mentions:
  @EliseLogan: 1 times
  @SmartBitches: 1 times
  @janel: 1 times
  @KeriStevens: 1 times
  @foulpapers: 1 times
lucymfel mentions:
  @ConsultantRC: 1 times
  @javierrcolon: 1 times
tallestdwarf mentions:
  @stephenlacy: 1 times
yorkbellsmith mentions:
  @DaveChomitz: 1 times
  @nview: 1 times
  @joelscottradio: 1 times
  @star933lesstalk: 1 times
  @1079thebreeze: 1 times
  @marcyberg: 1 times
  @blueskies29: 1 times
  @bettybart: 1 times
kirkusreviews mentions:
  @Harkaway: 1 times
  @kenanmalik: 1 times
  @Duddy: 1 times
  @DrStuClark: 1 times
  @FionaMackenzie: 1 times
  @TomLevenson: 1 times
  @Eaterofsun: 1 times
  @AndreaGillies: 1 times
  @anthonyhorowitz: 1 times
cheapchick mentions:
  @sarahbellum: 1 times
  @Freebies4Mom: 1 times
dirtybadger mentions:
  @Traceyspacey: 1 times
mdubno mentions:
tisfan mentions:
  @markmorford: 1 times
erinbrumleve mentions:
  @Mossyy: 1 times
  @MiaCavallo: 1 times
  @erinbrumleve: 1 times
  @JackieCourteau: 1 times
  @northirid: 1 times
  @Sweetnote: 1 times
  @unseenenergy: 1 times
damondnollan mentions:
  @JasonPeck: 1 times
  @ryanstephens: 1 times
  @rongoch: 1 times
  @TimNATC: 1 times
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @mmahoney13: 1 times
  @darrenheitner: 1 times
  @damondnollan: 1 times
razorianfly mentions:
  @santi: 1 times
  @asronline: 1 times
  @Midnightmovie73: 1 times
cbusgmc mentions:
  @mtthwdyr: 1 times
imcfdean mentions:
  @SuperWiki: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @jumblejim: 1 times
  @SupportSPN: 1 times
  @BTVSUPRNATURAL: 1 times
  @BuddyTV: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @YouLookGreat: 1 times
anitacharlot mentions:
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
tclarkusa mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
mekaboodc mentions:
  @tamisawyer: 1 times
  @mikelaw84: 1 times
  @wrenetta: 1 times
  @dalebanks: 1 times
  @neaposey: 1 times
  @dpimpindacity: 1 times
d2klist mentions:
jennifer_emm mentions:
  @heyshezie: 1 times
laglassonetsy mentions:
  @BrainGuyJerry: 2 times
  @laglassonetsy: 1 times
  @SnowbellJewelry: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @NotSoShabbyChic: 1 times
  @NakedMushroom: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
onlyaman mentions:
  @Neilochka: 1 times
k4kev4 mentions:
  @tatbob39: 1 times
  @susankwaldron: 1 times
  @LostNMissing: 1 times
gotpassport mentions:
  @thebestofzambia: 1 times
  @gotpassport: 1 times
  @jackventures: 1 times
stephers74 mentions:
  @dbdc: 1 times
  @thfc: 1 times
  @thespursweb: 1 times
  @Stephers74: 1 times
  @spursshow: 1 times
  @Day2DayGuy: 1 times
  @deeayy: 1 times
  @Dal: 1 times
  @Hotspur1882: 1 times
  @philblythe: 1 times
  @SpursGyal: 1 times
jjmorin mentions:
  @agirlsgottago: 1 times
mikeyil mentions:
  @brimil: 1 times
squirrelpope mentions:
  @sjohnston10: 1 times
  @KatyKrazy: 1 times
  @magicaljod: 1 times
  @JessMythic: 1 times
  @AndyMythic: 1 times
  @PhoenixRed: 1 times
  @JoshDrescher: 1 times
  @roosterteeth: 1 times
  @sullenpenguin: 1 times
lindsaymallen mentions:
  @ColonelTribune: 1 times
  @dan360man: 1 times
sissywillis mentions:
  @jwatts: 1 times
tdatraining mentions:
  @lowtechcombat: 1 times
  @thefightgeek: 1 times
  @tdatraining: 1 times
mrassis mentions:
  @fabioricotta: 1 times
  @IDGNow: 1 times
  @JulioValentim: 1 times
  @TimothyCarter: 1 times
  @askaaronlee: 1 times
  @TweetTom: 1 times
  @dazmolybiz: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @briancray: 1 times
  @DJBigApple: 1 times
droid242 mentions:
  @tzniuswarrior: 1 times
  @twitition: 1 times
  @bpfidelitas: 1 times
  @goldenblog: 1 times
  @fehera: 1 times
pontesisto mentions:
  @lukecoppen: 1 times
jrwhitby mentions:
  @NeilMcD: 1 times
loch121 mentions:
  @Loch121: 3 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @LLHanus: 1 times
  @Fitmenu: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @: 1 times
nowheymama mentions:
  @pokerstacey: 1 times
  @avoidingmilk: 1 times
lketchersid mentions:
  @JessInChina: 1 times
foofoovintage mentions:
  @bevspaper: 1 times
moiranous mentions:
  @traceyhewins: 1 times
  @3r1cag: 1 times
  @edwardbarrera: 1 times
  @jgdemas: 1 times
  @marthawade: 1 times
  @alienguide: 1 times
  @riverfrontirish: 1 times
  @gotky: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
charlesthomas mentions:
  @jodifur: 1 times
tonisant mentions:
  @RIPmoonwalker: 1 times
cemeteryspot mentions:
  @mktingexpert: 1 times
  @JohnMolnar: 1 times
  @JET739: 1 times
  @ksmusselman: 1 times
  @EasyNetSuccess: 1 times
  @yourlif2: 1 times
  @prosperity66: 1 times
  @MargaretC39: 1 times
nicholasgporter mentions:
  @eyeflow: 1 times
  @bridge9: 1 times
  @Mkraft: 1 times
sumomi mentions:
  @chefoptimist: 1 times
  @positives: 1 times
cesarviana mentions:
  @kyotosong: 1 times
  @Jennyfur: 1 times
  @Momix74: 1 times
  @melodyofyourlife: 1 times
  @nakatake: 1 times
  @cesarviana: 1 times
  @paolabonini: 1 times
  @Ma: 1 times
glass_half_full mentions:
  @LisGarrett: 1 times
  @debopks: 1 times
  @bloggerjoe: 1 times
  @MoodyMommy: 1 times
  @lisasamples: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
rclarke mentions:
  @NeilInnes: 1 times
  @RobertFlorence: 1 times
  @disappointment: 1 times
  @JamesMoran: 1 times
  @EugeneMirman: 1 times
  @Glinner: 1 times
  @NecessaryForce: 1 times
jacquelinegates mentions:
  @jodonahue: 1 times
  @kimshahan: 1 times
  @dianehochman: 1 times
  @Lenaistewart: 1 times
  @JacquelineGates: 1 times
  @Womanangler1971: 1 times
  @juliesalgado: 1 times
  @gregoryanne: 1 times
geekstuffog mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @spookyamd: 1 times
mikepaetzold mentions:
  @DanVaughan: 1 times
  @IanBakewell: 1 times
  @optinbuilder: 1 times
  @CaptnAffiliate: 1 times
  @Champigny: 1 times
  @SuperAffil: 1 times
  @learningaffil: 1 times
  @BrendaFranzo: 1 times
glugli mentions:
  @alexgodin: 1 times
  @bernardoprieto: 1 times
  @kchorrolobo: 1 times
  @Region4tvAnder: 1 times
  @NavarroMD: 1 times
  @DannyGrrrr: 1 times
tammielynne mentions:
  @Bertonatti: 1 times
flyingwithfish mentions:
  @staceydoyle: 1 times
  @zofiaphoto: 1 times
  @shootstyle: 1 times
  @picseshu: 1 times
  @jeromeshaw: 1 times
  @pixelatedimage: 1 times
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
  @karenlisa: 1 times
  @jenniejursen: 1 times
marcelopacheco mentions:
  @fesciotti: 1 times
  @henriqueschr: 1 times
  @NahHubert: 1 times
  @matheusgordilho: 1 times
  @lucasyounis: 1 times
  @PauloAdami: 1 times
  @thaz: 1 times
  @filzin: 1 times
zannaland mentions:
embraze mentions:
  @ilcaso: 1 times
triphoppin mentions:
  @justusleeg: 1 times
  @thesnarkyone: 1 times
thecynicsclub mentions:
  @VegasWalkinDude: 1 times
outdoors2 mentions:
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @outdoors2: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @LadyMinista: 1 times
  @NancyPerez: 1 times
  @BobWarren: 1 times
israfran mentions:
  @galm: 1 times
  @OurielOhayon: 1 times
keithstudios mentions:
  @BonnieBunter: 1 times
fergatron mentions:
  @Rumithecat: 1 times
othsgal mentions:
  @joecase: 1 times
  @SamAdkinshom: 1 times
  @staciwallace: 1 times
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @ktjames: 1 times
  @michaelrobison: 1 times
aparkerdesign mentions:
  @sMoRTy71: 1 times
  @ryanbauer411: 1 times
  @lewishowes: 1 times
psynister mentions:
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
dweezle mentions:
  @pinksage: 1 times
  @thevowel: 1 times
  @Tortacular: 1 times
  @Aktrez: 1 times
  @DanAmrich: 1 times
  @momohine: 1 times
  @tonyhawk: 1 times
  @musewire: 1 times
  @kikikat: 1 times
  @KPaul: 1 times
  @stitzelj: 1 times
roundtabletaxes mentions:
  @TamiGramont: 1 times
  @kendraramirez: 1 times
  @MARISELLA0423: 1 times
  @JeffreyFerretti: 1 times
  @mauizoo: 1 times
  @michaelgleba: 1 times
adamtanner mentions:
  @mildmojo: 1 times
  @shayarnett: 1 times
  @sammcd: 1 times
ps3gamealliance mentions:
  @nursemom90: 2 times
  @angels510: 1 times
  @jodylouize: 1 times
  @JennRuss: 1 times
  @imjstsayin: 1 times
  @luciddraco: 1 times
  @dronsayro: 1 times
  @suzidk: 1 times
hoperevo mentions:
  @hoperevo: 1 times
elainecohen mentions:
  @realizedworth@theCSRfeed: 1 times
  @rodien: 1 times
  @sherriewinston: 1 times
  @CSRlaw: 1 times
  @APEbot: 1 times
  @loopyginee: 1 times
  @davidcoethica: 1 times
oakthedog mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
verymerryhappy mentions:
  @Thatboydean: 1 times
jm_fernandes mentions:
  @raquelcrato: 1 times
pulptone mentions:
  @artbooks2: 1 times
  @MoviesOnTCM: 1 times
  @TCMPR: 1 times
  @cinemablend: 1 times
  @screenrant: 1 times
  @ForcesOfGeek: 1 times
  @Energia: 1 times
  @themercurymen: 1 times
  @daveflora: 1 times
  @SGuglie: 1 times
veteransairlift mentions:
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
mumdee mentions:
  @twilightersnet: 1 times
fhtravel mentions:
  @BrilliantTips: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @hashtravel: 1 times
  @haligonia: 1 times
  @HFX: 1 times
hemphilla mentions:
  @MichaelManna: 1 times
  @MTMSteveTrotto: 1 times
walker_of_crags mentions:
  @the912project: 1 times
maryannclaven mentions:
  @ImmortalLauren: 1 times
  @MaryannClaven: 1 times
cegilavar mentions:
  @atisocialmktg: 1 times
gilnamur mentions:
  @WordSpring: 1 times
szeszterke mentions:
  @vassjozsef: 1 times
  @TorokneIldiko: 1 times
  @DenzelBurks: 1 times
  @GabrielVaraljay: 1 times
  @borbnora: 1 times
  @hahncsaba: 1 times
  @godavid: 1 times
  @aniko71: 1 times
  @Zsoltika: 1 times
  @marczipan: 1 times
loveautigers mentions:
  @Theblacksphere: 1 times
  @DLoesch: 1 times
  @yrtv: 1 times
  @stix1972: 1 times
  @sanuzis: 1 times
  @STLYR: 1 times
  @stlcardinals: 1 times
  @newtgingrich: 1 times
sdxhiresheroes mentions:
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @crcpr21: 1 times
ajelwind mentions:
  @mikeroweworks: 1 times
eveshealing mentions:
  @ThreeTen: 1 times
  @eliz28806: 1 times
  @ponet: 1 times
  @julajay: 1 times
  @EarthLifeInst: 1 times
  @LindaStanford: 1 times
  @bethlayne: 1 times
igor_mendes mentions:
  @LOLFollower: 1 times
  @LoLFollower: 1 times
  @igormendes: 1 times
  @BonecaoDoPosto: 1 times
  @bonequinhaposto: 1 times
nlovmarco mentions:
  @ashessehsa: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @jimnnoke: 1 times
  @StCyrlyMe2: 1 times
  @makonnen: 1 times
  @edpryorbeatz: 1 times
  @jojo317: 1 times
  @FashionOvaStyle: 1 times
  @dnice31687: 1 times
  @liz: 1 times
davidjagger mentions:
stadol mentions:
  @petercoffinfollowfriday: 1 times
  @tomgreenlive: 1 times
missemcee mentions:
  @PraxisPR: 1 times
rhonny_reaper mentions:
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
  @alyankovic: 1 times
  @HarveyLevinTMZ: 1 times
  @margaretcho: 1 times
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
  @jackassworld: 1 times
brunoshine mentions:
  @PauloMorgado: 1 times
  @nmfgomes: 1 times
  @RickStrahl: 1 times
  @realscottgu: 1 times
  @PauloQuerido: 1 times
ted_striker32 mentions:
  @Mia322: 1 times
  @PolishedPinky: 1 times
  @Monika: 1 times
  @avantchicago: 1 times
  @TerryMoran: 1 times
guiier mentions:
  @wikipiada: 1 times
  @RobsonREDETV: 1 times
  @lucianosb: 1 times
  @Vaneessjjee: 1 times
  @vpassig: 1 times
  @Rockastico: 1 times
  @ericainocente: 1 times
  @mandinhatorres: 1 times
  @narotadorock: 1 times
  @LilyLoka: 1 times
tmatlack mentions:
  @DrStevesBanjo: 1 times
  @lisahickey: 1 times
woodlandalyssa mentions:
  @wakefieldtweets: 1 times
  @megannyc: 1 times
ynhh mentions:
  @tstitt: 1 times
  @edbennett: 1 times
  @chrisboyer: 1 times
hotsports mentions:
  @jaybranch: 1 times
heathenshearth mentions:
  @heartsabustin: 1 times
bgcduke7 mentions:
  @Meaghery: 1 times
  @JasonPeck: 1 times
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @RonGoch: 1 times
  @mmahoney13: 1 times
  @darrenheitner: 1 times
  @JoshFeinberg: 1 times
  @rscibetti: 1 times
  @sponsorpitch: 1 times
  @beingthere: 1 times
chameleonross mentions:
  @richkirk: 1 times
elyla mentions:
  @diVerde: 1 times
  @Morgana2008: 1 times
  @Artlandis: 1 times
  @Ninphe: 1 times
  @giannivt: 1 times
  @3lena: 1 times
  @sognidestate: 1 times
  @gianlucaDM: 1 times
  @leoxgiusti: 1 times
  @amoilcaffe: 1 times
  @Blusfumato: 1 times
l_antanaitis mentions:
  @Power2BThin: 1 times
  @LAntanaitis: 1 times
  @fbseo: 1 times
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @ViriamKaur: 1 times
  @joannagarzilli: 1 times
spudcomics mentions:
  @mkinyon: 1 times
  @purtlepootle: 1 times
  @CartooningPro: 1 times
  @LleuGarnock: 1 times
  @kitschfactor: 1 times
  @BlizzPack: 1 times
  @drmike: 1 times
  @Peckinpaw: 1 times
  @johnbogey: 1 times
oneighturbo mentions:
  @fourtitude: 1 times
  @audizine: 1 times
  @quattrovideos: 1 times
  @quattrofever: 1 times
  @quattroworld: 1 times
kanga_rue mentions:
  @TracyTarling: 1 times
alexleebehan mentions:
  @sbutler66: 1 times
  @twitchy67: 1 times
  @prthinkbox: 1 times
  @trevorboudreau: 1 times
purduealumni mentions:
  @clfriedm: 2 times
  @PurdueAlumni: 1 times
rick_gioia mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @caomaihuong: 1 times
  @myinkwarehouse: 1 times
  @RickGioia: 1 times
  @Potentialz: 1 times
paradisetossed mentions:
  @MatthewDWard: 1 times
h_2o mentions:
  @bearfanron: 1 times
  @snu70: 1 times
  @1KC: 1 times
  @jenkin7NICK@jessdarke: 1 times
  @gotCJ: 1 times
  @auroramaria: 1 times
  @b0w1e: 1 times
  @LagoonBand: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @torbengee: 1 times
jaygaines mentions:
  @McSweeneys: 1 times
wavespeak mentions:
  @socialmedia2day: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
fitbet mentions:
  @Greatbearwoman: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @fitbet: 1 times
  @stacykinney: 1 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
jimbocko mentions:
laurita369 mentions:
  @hockeyfights: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
  @NHLNJD: 1 times
  @NHLUpdates: 1 times
  @NHLFanatica: 1 times
  @NHLplayers: 1 times
  @NHLShop: 1 times
  @TweetNHL: 1 times
alliesanswers mentions:
  @BethFishReads: 1 times
  @KCJ42: 1 times
  @thegoodhuman: 1 times
  @NicolePeeler: 1 times
  @AshleyMarie6: 1 times
  @NPW: 1 times
  @mudnessa: 1 times
  @LighterFootstep: 1 times
  @ChrisBaskind: 1 times
  @fakeplasticfish: 1 times
brandond mentions:
  @Coxymoney: 1 times
  @kristencolerd: 1 times
swaggerreelz mentions:
  @DJLAZYK: 1 times
  @therealDjMello: 1 times
  @djenvy: 1 times
  @DjSuperstarJay: 1 times
  @djstunna213: 1 times
  @djpsyc: 1 times
  @djplat: 1 times
  @DJESTACK@Nikki2hot4Radio@djmightyk: 1 times
greenpaperco mentions:
  @GOODfeed: 1 times
haroldboeckrfid mentions:
  @rbellemare: 1 times
  @DLoGUniverse: 1 times
  @ThomasRissmann: 1 times
  @DeanCooper: 1 times
primetimeparent mentions:
  @BINEXT: 1 times
markl09 mentions:
  @Christinemufc: 1 times
  @MarkL09: 1 times
  @ElizabethRocks: 1 times
  @juliedean: 1 times
kathleenhanover mentions:
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @eddieizzard: 1 times
  @JohnHeffron: 1 times
  @oliviamunn: 1 times
  @kpereira: 1 times
  @pennjillette: 1 times
  @BOTeleprompter: 1 times
localsguidetoed mentions:
  @tferriss: 1 times
rynemeadors mentions:
  @kingdaviddogs: 1 times
netsky mentions:
  @tuxboard: 1 times
  @suchablog: 1 times
  @potdeyahourt: 1 times
  @weetabix: 1 times
  @stagueve: 1 times
  @sumatra: 1 times
  @chauffeurdebuzz: 1 times
  @fullhdready: 1 times
  @korben: 1 times
jessiebrewer mentions:
  @rainbowbtrfly: 1 times
  @simplowdfan: 1 times
  @solivia99: 1 times
  @bafb: 1 times
  @spinlj: 1 times
  @lucyntn: 1 times
  @prettyplainjo: 1 times
  @spinsvixenella: 1 times
  @mbenardfanzine: 1 times
tingwall mentions:
  @ashleyhaynes: 1 times
  @enduranceevol: 1 times
gaytacular mentions:
  @psychfurs: 1 times
  @bigkelleh: 1 times
  @lesbiantrucker: 1 times
  @p0tus: 1 times
  @bgfilly: 1 times
  @femmefartale: 1 times
  @god: 1 times
  @abevigoda: 1 times
kittykata mentions:
  @dnsnow: 1 times
  @rurouniyuudai85: 1 times
  @scribbledoutboy: 1 times
  @DanielFielding: 1 times
hopedoty mentions:
  @jamieoliver: 1 times
unterekless mentions:
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @jimmiebjr: 1 times
  @roaringrepub: 1 times
  @AmericanIssues: 1 times
  @emzanotti: 1 times
  @despinakarras: 1 times
  @MediaLizzy: 1 times
  @KirstieAlley: 1 times
pascalesoucy mentions:
  @vincentabry: 1 times
lisapietsch mentions:
  @HVLong: 1 times
  @LisaPietsch: 1 times
  @KCBooks: 1 times
  @KFZuzulo: 1 times
  @TheBookMaven: 1 times
  @TinaGerow: 1 times
  @SapphireBluePub: 1 times
carleab mentions:
  @CommuniCause: 1 times
  @missingkids: 1 times
  @soldiersangels: 1 times
  @brianjjohnston: 1 times
  @bfas: 1 times
  @fightcrc: 1 times
hella mentions:
  @sippymccloy: 1 times
  @JustRegularBez: 1 times
easyautosales mentions:
  @carconsumer: 1 times
greatbearwoman mentions:
  @PRTtexasjackflash: 1 times
  @PRTqueenmisha: 1 times
  @PRTHypnobear: 1 times
gfcf4autism mentions:
  @bklynmade: 1 times
  @wholefoodsnyc: 1 times
  @glutenfreemaps: 1 times
  @Autimistic: 1 times
  @jennyfrommtv: 1 times
  @AutismAdvocacy: 1 times
karon157 mentions:
  @meeks: 1 times
  @RevRunWisdom: 1 times
  @Mocurrie25: 1 times
  @hoopfeed: 1 times
  @TheBattleZone: 1 times
  @Chold1: 1 times
  @tyoung11: 1 times
  @jlacy21: 1 times
alexandratg mentions:
  @agrandealface: 1 times
  @hblc: 1 times
jmackinday mentions:
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @DJLouieRay: 1 times
silwik mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @hostageinqatar: 1 times
  @PitBullChat: 1 times
  @mbreau: 1 times
  @TherapyDogGabe: 1 times
  @LoveMyPoodles: 1 times
  @silwik: 1 times
gocatallina mentions:
  @LeeAase: 1 times
jkern_mod mentions:
  @swoodruff: 1 times
  @heatherrast: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @dmscott: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
sherrilynne mentions:
  @knealmann: 1 times
  @ChrisNeil: 1 times
bettinainclan mentions:
  @hesabo: 1 times
  @randart: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @KIMORELLA: 1 times
  @puzinas: 1 times
  @CesLSU: 1 times
  @jesselaser: 1 times
  @pennycrosson: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
ilovemypants mentions:
  @thebelfrygirl: 1 times
  @feebee84: 1 times
  @HelenWraight: 1 times
  @barnzzy: 1 times
  @themattyboosh: 1 times
  @gregholden: 1 times
  @smmithyyy: 1 times
lisajanpa mentions:
  @Susantravels: 1 times
  @atmeorg: 1 times
mrsting mentions:
  @InspectorWatts: 1 times
mimimyne mentions:
  @molliemoo: 1 times
  @Cafemommy: 1 times
  @FunFollow: 1 times
  @BooneWallbeds: 1 times
beckymccray mentions:
  @DediKatedVA: 1 times
  @nrohrbach: 1 times
  @trryan: 1 times
vesper385 mentions:
  @magistrates: 1 times
  @alexcornish: 1 times
  @hatchamsocial: 1 times
  @themaccabees: 1 times
  @whatsupmartha: 1 times
shelley1005 mentions:
  @abcdude: 1 times
  @ChrisCuomo: 1 times
  @SamChampion: 1 times
  @BobWoodruff: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
cltecondev mentions:
  @KenAtkins: 1 times
  @SMatNCChamber: 1 times
  @srosche: 1 times
  @: 1 times
biblioadonis mentions:
  @imaginestudios: 1 times
sarahbethphoto mentions:
  @enlightenedk9: 1 times
boomersabroad mentions:
  @boomersabroad: 1 times
  @expatcommunity: 1 times
oregonmedia mentions:
  @N3Colin: 1 times
steveapple mentions:
  @GraemeWatson: 1 times
  @snowandsunshine: 1 times
  @steveapple: 1 times
  @gavlp: 1 times
  @elj: 1 times
workfortweets mentions:
  @Java4Two: 2 times
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @SandyGuerriere: 1 times
  @MadisonCreek: 1 times
  @Charga: 1 times
catnippin mentions:
  @sdwrage: 1 times
  @catnippinIm: 1 times
art1stanna mentions:
  @flaviotiger: 1 times
reneedeluca mentions:
  @CarrieAnnYoung: 1 times
  @deskchick: 1 times
  @DirectorMatt: 1 times
  @ProducerJon: 1 times
  @Mom2Amara: 1 times
  @KimWheeler: 1 times
tj_jaeckle mentions:
  @markwilkerson: 1 times
  @kentondre: 1 times
  @RackerHacker: 1 times
  @maccman: 1 times
  @jonlee11: 1 times
  @matthewjones23: 1 times
  @elijahmanor: 1 times
  @jkraybill: 1 times
  @kimberlystone: 1 times
  @ScottAllen: 1 times
rconrado mentions:
  @bloggerpress: 1 times
  @CheerGirl20: 1 times
  @silvioluiz: 1 times
  @maestrobilly: 1 times
  @GerentePaulista: 1 times
  @SoninhaFrancine: 1 times
vickivandoom mentions:
  @emillystrange: 1 times
  @fingertiptapper: 1 times
  @ZahidButtar: 1 times
victusfate mentions:
  @JasonCronkhite: 1 times
  @ByronNewMedia: 1 times
rjw8888 mentions:
  @kysmith87: 1 times
  @Porfix: 1 times
  @danboy76: 1 times
  @DistrictOfRyan: 1 times
  @boyislost: 1 times
  @joseusa: 1 times
  @nwgregg: 1 times
  @msalonen: 1 times
  @odencrp: 1 times
  @Tazz602: 1 times
  @bad69twin: 1 times
smkelty mentions:
  @ifelicious: 1 times
amandabeez mentions:
  @virtuosoblogger: 1 times
wizardjks mentions:
  @azulfi: 1 times
  @ericashley: 1 times
  @spxds: 1 times
  @thefemgeek: 1 times
  @bbcwhys: 1 times
  @time: 1 times
  @bite85: 1 times
27518 mentions:
  @misterorff: 1 times
  @holyfieldTV: 1 times
  @jonanovi: 1 times
  @MaryEats: 1 times
  @shawn2Win: 1 times
  @NBC17EP: 1 times
  @tarheelprincess: 1 times
thierrybezier mentions:
  @nikonoel: 1 times
  @confessionwall: 1 times
torontokooky mentions:
  @ryannewyork: 1 times
  @golougo: 1 times
  @michelsavoie: 1 times
  @queeraspoetry: 1 times
  @ShaneMcC: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
  @PrideToronto: 1 times
  @bjayhersh: 1 times
  @Lakefieldhaz: 1 times
talksquid mentions:
  @andreaexmarie: 1 times
keithfife mentions:
  @ryanfife: 1 times
  @MichaelHyatt: 1 times
  @megfife: 1 times
  @mindyspradlin: 1 times
trickynicky mentions:
  @kellyayers: 1 times
  @AMSE: 1 times
  @Karonwarren: 1 times
  @ajwms: 1 times
  @stefbeane: 1 times
  @CocoHolder: 1 times
  @zanez11comm: 1 times
  @bobbywilliams: 1 times
  @TNdaytripper: 1 times
savonnetheminx mentions:
  @bosatsu91: 1 times
  @RCroberto: 1 times
  @djdemko: 1 times
  @djrobbo: 1 times
burwell mentions:
  @badarama: 1 times
  @ShawnaF: 1 times
  @Lilykily: 1 times
  @DrBadhands: 1 times
  @Jaydensmommie: 1 times
  @ChiNurse: 1 times
  @adamisacson: 1 times
  @badbanana: 1 times
inlibertysname mentions:
  @SemperFidelisTX: 1 times
  @AKGovSarahPalin: 1 times
  @gopconference: 1 times
  @philipaklein: 1 times
  @AmSol: 1 times
  @townhallcom: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @politico44: 1 times
  @thehotline: 1 times
kidd20mile mentions:
  @brandongilliam: 1 times
  @JillHofmans: 1 times
  @wordsbywendy: 1 times
  @ginm: 1 times
  @sybb: 1 times
  @NinaRoesner: 1 times
  @robjelinek: 1 times
efr0702 mentions:
  @careersherpa: 1 times
  @tweetdeck: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @uxcarrie: 1 times
  @skeeterharris: 1 times
haroldherring mentions:
  @amandapandaa: 1 times
  @HaroldHerring: 1 times
  @joycemeyer: 1 times
tomplant mentions:
  @RosevilleRockLn: 1 times
mikemorrow mentions:
zkellyq mentions:
  @newsucnuse: 1 times
  @skydiver: 1 times
phylliskhare mentions:
  @RainforestSOS: 1 times
tronash mentions:
  @caraschwertly: 1 times
siegelagency mentions:
busterbrown mentions:
  @dukethepug: 1 times
  @ArlissThePug: 1 times
  @EmpressMingWoo: 1 times
  @ChloeDaPug: 1 times
  @MattiePug: 1 times
  @FrankThePug: 1 times
  @roxiepug: 1 times
  @LarsthePug: 1 times
  @pugfriend: 1 times
thespoilergirl mentions:
  @seat42f: 1 times
  @spoilertv: 1 times
  @theodi: 1 times
  @darkufo: 1 times
  @csshh: 1 times
  @slashfilm: 1 times
  @sfxmagazine: 1 times
  @latinoreview: 1 times
  @thelivefeed: 1 times
  @traileraddict: 1 times
  @KorbiGirl: 1 times
platypusmedia mentions:
  @twittifamily: 1 times
  @phdinparenting: 1 times
  @MommyNews: 1 times
  @ThingsMomsLike: 1 times
  @rockdrool: 1 times
  @happymomamy: 1 times
  @Nikketti: 1 times
  @butterflysnbees: 1 times
sjlz mentions:
  @keithcsmith: 1 times
  @cheloreilly: 1 times
  @erdanton: 1 times
  @pastimesdave: 1 times
  @houseofshss: 1 times
  @MMXBuzzBin: 1 times
savvyva mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
kiernaker mentions:
  @spatialclaw: 1 times
  @TLPF: 1 times
  @crystaldempsey: 1 times
  @dudleybdawson: 1 times
  @smashadv: 1 times
  @kkmaz: 1 times
basticore mentions:
  @Scheibenhacker: 1 times
  @mongomeister: 1 times
  @pintslap: 1 times
  @dineb: 1 times
  @twitgeridoo: 1 times
  @AnnikaK: 1 times
  @DerKoelner: 1 times
  @nati0n: 1 times
  @hannesPR: 1 times
  @StopptMerkel: 1 times
alexisperez mentions:
  @bryantxavier: 1 times
vimello mentions:
  @izzynobre: 1 times
  @borbs: 1 times
jessrs mentions:
  @markheartofbiz: 1 times
  @hiroboga: 1 times
  @havi: 1 times
  @lisahunter: 1 times
aowwaterborn mentions:
  @dereknolan: 1 times
  @oxytocinmusic: 1 times
  @mcue: 1 times
  @Nekkobus: 1 times
  @innerdialogue: 1 times
  @lubxo: 2 times
  @chilipalmero: 1 times
  @kedaar: 1 times
mrsemilyuley mentions:
  @TwiCullens: 1 times
  @LochNessCullen: 1 times
hildem_en mentions:
  @CiMarsLover: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ABLORG: 1 times
  @30STMTHISISWAR: 1 times
  @JAREDLETO: 1 times
  @SHANNONLETO: 1 times
  @TOMOFROMEARTH: 1 times
  @PROPAGANDA2: 1 times
garypine mentions:
  @UKTI: 1 times
  @BISgovuk: 1 times
pjinomaha mentions:
  @perideaudesigns: 1 times
abubious mentions:
  @abubious: 1 times
  @vboykis: 1 times
avivaevents mentions:
  @20Brix: 1 times
mlomb mentions:
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
  @LavaLampLV: 1 times
  @osmarjardim: 1 times
  @creationsoflove: 1 times
maxpowercc mentions:
  @marylandgirl: 1 times
  @stillstacy: 1 times
scollins70 mentions:
  @blogginforbiz: 1 times
pinkprincessvic mentions:
  @Lashofsnow: 1 times
  @loopslou: 1 times
  @petesnodden: 1 times
  @Garethstewart: 1 times
  @ykirstie: 1 times
  @Clarabelle2009: 1 times
  @Emslou78: 1 times
artbyeve mentions:
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
  @jackiejart: 1 times
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @ksantini: 1 times
  @clintavo: 1 times
  @jrphotog: 1 times
natalief mentions:
  @IvyBean104: 1 times
  @shadesong: 1 times
  @matociquala: 1 times
  @regularjen: 1 times
  @ndixon: 1 times
melrosemoorefox mentions:
  @MelroseMoorefox: 1 times
  @krismap: 1 times
andreabreen mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
bryndonovan mentions:
  @aieshya: 1 times
  @PITF: 1 times
dunegrassfest09 mentions:
  @gratefulgurl: 1 times
  @rothbury: 1 times
  @MLiverothbury: 1 times
  @VanGhostChicago: 1 times
  @AvantChicago: 1 times
  @camelorama: 1 times
  @Rothbury2009: 1 times
  @rothfest: 1 times
tthaas mentions:
  @Sobonwine: 1 times
  @DrVino: 1 times
  @TishWine: 1 times
  @drloosenwines: 1 times
jenn_are mentions:
  @therealglambert: 1 times
  @krisallen4real: 1 times
tulilerner mentions:
  @AngelaNilsson: 1 times
  @johnalbira: 1 times
  @Kibler: 1 times
  @DavidandLetty: 1 times
  @BrazilianArt: 1 times
  @PhilHarrison: 1 times
  @postalguarelas: 1 times
  @SkinCareDoc: 1 times
sternenfee mentions:
  @rooferonfire: 1 times
  @Sternenfee: 1 times
mikeargyle mentions:
  @LureSecure: 1 times
preben_frenning mentions:
  @JamesSchramko: 1 times
idkmybffkae mentions:
  @andrewnagle: 1 times
ucla4me mentions:
  @LimousineLAXFollowfriday: 1 times
  @hughwhite: 1 times
  @ucla4me: 1 times
  @SampaDee: 1 times
  @jasonkamb: 1 times
  @JRTabula: 1 times
  @Lenswithlove: 1 times
jdub82 mentions:
  @missjoladie: 1 times
dashiz324 mentions:
  @erikonasis1313: 1 times
  @cdavislife: 1 times
  @jtwother: 1 times
  @mymysmama: 1 times
  @BellaChrusty: 1 times
  @Mbrown3521: 1 times
  @yungdaddysmooth: 1 times
spartanmensrea mentions:
  @lawschoolninja: 1 times
  @proptart27: 1 times
  @humarashid: 1 times
  @kluper: 1 times
  @SohanaB: 1 times
  @madeinkowloon: 1 times
  @teasingdiverse: 1 times
  @littlefrogling: 1 times
vetsonthewatch mentions:
  @libertysarmy3: 1 times
  @JennyPennifer: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @airbrat77: 1 times
  @womenofcaliber: 1 times
  @ConnieHair: 1 times
gardenwiseguy mentions:
  @Rochelle013: 1 times
jeffgerard mentions:
wellnessdesign mentions:
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
chrispflorida mentions:
  @K9RADIO: 1 times
  @tikioasis: 1 times
  @FireatinMermaid: 1 times
  @TikiTony: 1 times
  @Insanitiki: 1 times
  @HulaHangout: 1 times
jgren mentions:
  @AuraleeAugustin: 1 times
yhf mentions:
  @KevinWolf: 1 times
  @vmarinelli: 1 times
  @tj: 1 times
  @rsmallbone: 1 times
  @rejecter: 1 times
cpuhelp mentions:
  @kcmade: 1 times
fletchboy mentions:
  @twoboysmomma: 1 times
  @missyhugs: 1 times
  @zegolf: 1 times
  @ajsouthern: 1 times
  @mznezbit: 1 times
  @aaronjbates: 1 times
  @fletchboy: 1 times
  @iethan: 1 times
  @menacingpickle: 1 times
f2point4 mentions:
  @phillprice: 1 times
  @jamesmb: 1 times
  @photolegal: 1 times
tylerfehrman mentions:
  @JohnKHall: 1 times
  @JohnKasich: 1 times
  @RobLagergren: 1 times
  @NedRyun: 1 times
  @CuyahogaGOP: 1 times
  @Akpofure: 1 times
  @SeanWing: 1 times
  @JLupiba: 1 times
fuzduztrikke mentions:
  @choose2befit@EnvisionFitness@FitCoach@FitClubNetwork@Fitcoach2007@fitnessdiet@HappyAndFit: 1 times
ruddyortiz mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @1socialbookmark: 1 times
  @hauteandi: 1 times
  @ruddyortiz: 1 times
  @jmt1: 1 times
hsreid mentions:
  @VOCALSpeakers: 1 times
  @FSUBlot: 1 times
  @IamJalenCash: 1 times
  @potlegalization: 1 times
  @Anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @AmandaSpann: 1 times
  @whitney8612: 1 times
  @AaronMarcus: 1 times
bredatle mentions:
  @stitchkingdom: 1 times
  @MPMark: 1 times
nbpt_today mentions:
  @digitalreaction: 1 times
  @nbpttrolleyco: 1 times
  @soak7: 1 times
  @happychickens: 1 times
  @nbptpedicab: 1 times
mrajotte mentions:
ltwise mentions:
  @PeterJThomas: 1 times
  @Johnjharkin: 1 times
  @KarlyGaffney: 1 times
  @KelleeAnne: 1 times
  @kevinbehr: 1 times
  @LeviJohnson: 1 times
  @LouPage: 1 times
  @ltwise: 1 times
kendallo mentions:
  @imloulo: 1 times
  @tasmelas: 1 times
  @jeskeets: 1 times
  @thatguysweets: 1 times
  @kendallo: 1 times
  @steinlineHQ: 1 times
  @truehoop: 1 times
jamespenido mentions:
  @maurisboffil: 1 times
  @compulsaodiaria: 1 times
  @rodrigobrower: 1 times
  @fiodeariadne: 1 times
  @blogueirobh: 1 times
  @Luzdeluma: 1 times
cletch mentions:
  @timbury: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @thesomeex: 1 times
  @Hintzanity: 1 times
  @RaquelFavela: 1 times
  @DrWes: 1 times
  @MrMarketingMan: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
  @TiffyCBabae: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
akshatt mentions:
  @noufel: 1 times
  @sudhirnair: 1 times
  @trakesht: 1 times
  @jeffiejohn: 1 times
  @akshatt: 1 times
  @NachiketSane: 1 times
  @gajabkhopdi: 1 times
  @manis3112: 1 times
  @kisnacapri: 1 times
  @ChinmayB: 1 times
may_esq mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @supernatural: 1 times
  @SuperWiki: 1 times
  @BTVSUPRNATURAL: 1 times
  @jumblejim: 1 times
  @SupportSPN: 1 times
scarlettphyre mentions:
  @nikkimm33: 1 times
  @wkdr: 1 times
tindra66 mentions:
  @milblogging: 1 times
  @TLW3: 1 times
  @ptsdconference: 1 times
teammandura mentions:
  @freshkonacoffee: 1 times
  @alohapolitics: 1 times
  @bufesthawaii: 1 times
  @hawaiirental: 1 times
  @kauistores: 1 times
  @razorhawaii: 1 times
  @dubailife: 1 times
  @bigislandpizza: 1 times
civiccal mentions:
  @JanDrago4Mayor: 1 times
  @Mallahan4Mayor: 1 times
  @MichaelMcGinn: 1 times
  @NormanSigler: 1 times
mrs_pjs mentions:
  @AmandaLThomas: 1 times
ctalarico mentions:
  @marymassey: 1 times
  @emilyluiz: 1 times
  @shannonmcgovern: 1 times
  @nicoleprchicago: 1 times
  @joepiehl: 1 times
  @owendonnelly: 1 times
almamatters mentions:
  @yougotwho: 1 times
  @ksullie: 1 times
joshfeinberg mentions:
  @RyanStephens: 1 times
  @JasonPeck: 1 times
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @RonGoch: 1 times
  @mmahoney13: 1 times
  @darrenheitner: 1 times
  @rscibetti: 1 times
  @sponsorpitch: 1 times
  @beingthere: 1 times
rufuscoolkitty mentions:
  @yero69: 1 times
  @AJHab: 1 times
  @bilbar: 1 times
teeebone mentions:
  @pennsays: 1 times
  @StephenColbert: 1 times
  @txflygirl: 1 times
  @petersagal: 1 times
  @schono: 1 times
  @worden: 1 times
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @ClearLakeNews: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @Soccergirl: 1 times
adrianovinagre mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
pjeronimo mentions:
  @agranado: 1 times
  @alexgamela: 1 times
  @ciberesfera: 1 times
  @PauloQuerido: 1 times
  @simaocc: 1 times
javier_4pr mentions:
  @yosoyapple: 1 times
  @tane883: 1 times
  @tanemi358: 1 times
  @coreanomac: 1 times
  @julioale: 1 times
  @iam77: 1 times
  @asl2spanishtrep: 1 times
troyrenbarger mentions:
  @staciarenbarger: 1 times
  @CFIINC: 1 times
  @Built2WinRaffle: 1 times
word_czar mentions:
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @journalismends: 1 times
  @thinkprogress: 1 times
  @NYDNnews: 1 times
  @washingtonpost: 1 times
rickmonroe mentions:
  @b103@925TheWolf@937: 1 times
  @937KissCountry@bigdandbubba: 1 times
  @997WCYK@knixcountry@countrymix@NEWcountryQ1031@B979@995WYCD: 1 times
marlamilling mentions:
  @msholin: 1 times
  @marlamilling: 1 times
  @donmak: 1 times
  @h0zae: 1 times
  @tbeckett: 1 times
  @wnccheap: 1 times
  @BeerCityBashAvl: 1 times
  @itswendylou: 1 times
  @ashevilleallie: 1 times
  @suehuskins: 1 times
lida360 mentions:
  @goLiveid: 1 times
shellartistree mentions:
  @Maiyab: 1 times
themediaishuntn mentions:
  @anncurry: 1 times
  @peterhay: 1 times
  @JimMacMillan: 1 times
  @ustream: 1 times
  @davewiner: 1 times
ohmariana mentions:
  @happysquid: 1 times
  @NicoleMomFuse: 1 times
  @hbobier: 1 times
  @stephanieshih: 1 times
  @EricaRabhan: 1 times
  @jharveyrocks: 1 times
  @astockett: 1 times
  @BarbaraJones: 1 times
lintcj mentions:
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @lindale41@lintcj: 1 times
  @LouRamirez: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @lucyntn: 1 times
johnnymags mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
meteorita mentions:
  @dissidenciasO: 1 times
leejoned mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @leejoned: 1 times
  @authorlaurasaba: 1 times
  @HerMedia: 1 times
  @ThomasHensel: 1 times
glassfriendsuk mentions:
  @Breda19: 1 times
  @ihatemornings: 1 times
  @ilovealcopop: 1 times
  @philthD: 1 times
  @ChooseGlass: 1 times
  @musingsofamanc: 1 times
peacesurvivor mentions:
  @chrisdocstrange: 1 times
  @jointventures: 1 times
  @nyliberty: 1 times
  @EcoInteractive: 1 times
carlamariela mentions:
  @cruzado: 1 times
  @crackberrista: 1 times
  @venered: 1 times
  @solano: 1 times
  @jeanfreddy: 1 times
  @jbo: 1 times
  @JoseManuelR: 1 times
  @romrod: 1 times
discoveryhouse mentions:
  @vesselproject: 1 times
  @pwilsonjr: 1 times
  @SECONDCHRONICLE: 1 times
uscrebel mentions:
  @GrantGannon: 1 times
artscapes mentions:
  @LauraArtist: 1 times
  @Loriwords: 1 times
dcsfgovuk mentions:
  @BISgovuk: 1 times
juanrules mentions:
  @gasper200: 1 times
  @jcoaks: 1 times
  @ORIANAORTIZ: 1 times
  @tituspunker: 1 times
  @jhonatancaceres: 1 times
  @olivercera: 1 times
bekahferguson mentions:
  @UnbornHumanLife: 1 times
  @AwakenToTruth: 1 times
  @LifeSite: 1 times
fonkynero mentions:
jovanyjo mentions:
  @flaviocarrijo: 1 times
  @rosana: 1 times
greengirls mentions:
dr_ops mentions:
room704 mentions:
  @ParentopiaDevra: 1 times
  @punditmom: 1 times
  @scarymommy: 1 times
  @room704: 1 times
  @whostheboss: 1 times
madamesoybean mentions:
  @funscience: 1 times
mommynews mentions:
  @mamaleahita: 1 times
  @TFSMe: 1 times
  @PlatypusMedia: 1 times
ahcom mentions:
  @Emergent007: 1 times
  @vanderwal: 1 times
  @theRab: 1 times
  @swylie650: 1 times
  @jlipnack: 1 times
  @lehawes: 1 times
  @SameerPatel: 1 times
leoregis mentions:
  @Moniquediquet: 1 times
geminiace mentions:
  @Deejayknight: 1 times
  @knightslayer777: 1 times
  @etdragon: 1 times
joesimpson mentions:
  @TristanYoung: 1 times
  @kewlrats: 1 times
  @thatguyben: 1 times
  @drewpasmith: 1 times
  @TomRaftery: 1 times
  @theanke: 1 times
  @marcreisen: 1 times
  @CARNORAMA: 1 times
  @AsianMartin: 1 times
reesforcongress mentions:
  @cajunmaverick: 1 times
  @reesforcongress: 1 times
  @tyler2congress: 1 times
gilia mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
shaortiz mentions:
  @therealles: 1 times
  @ruidelgado: 1 times
  @tayalejandro: 1 times
  @alechaban: 1 times
  @yaqui: 1 times
  @sevydc: 1 times
  @sergiocarlo: 1 times
  @alexogj: 1 times
  @sharyortiz: 1 times
  @elgossiper: 1 times
  @ritabebe: 1 times
blackheartking mentions:
  @RoboSteel: 1 times
  @zalandrajo: 1 times
  @BarronSherer: 1 times
  @angeldominguez: 1 times
andybellefleur mentions:
  @DianthaC: 1 times
mrpaladin mentions:
  @xmellysax: 1 times
  @Ursy919: 2 times
  @Ruivo: 1 times
  @Jiggsy91: 1 times
  @ampv: 1 times
  @mrpaladin: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
jan_marie mentions:
  @mccmarianne: 1 times
  @spiritjump: 1 times
  @Jeff0134: 1 times
  @battle4acure: 1 times
semavilady mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
colpalfrey mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @JessDefilippo: 1 times
  @vhuelse: 1 times
  @tbusbey: 1 times
  @hibabe: 1 times
  @dharmabob: 1 times
  @Lizzybits: 1 times
  @ladigargar: 1 times
  @susiecheng: 1 times
kareemharper mentions:
  @coryblackwood: 1 times
  @Konaworld: 1 times
  @KareemHarper: 1 times
  @Acmebike: 1 times
  @BootsRiley: 1 times
  @nineinchnails: 1 times
lenkendall mentions:
tomjelley mentions:
  @Sarahies: 1 times
gottsuiiyan mentions:
  @tritiam: 1 times
  @BBCSOS: 1 times
solarfeeds mentions:
  @RideshareCo: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @HolemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
  @DenzelBurks: 1 times
  @Interwibble: 1 times
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
paulmfiore mentions:
smgharrison mentions:
  @devoted2hr: 1 times
  @beneubanks: 1 times
  @trishhr: 1 times
  @shrmcoo: 1 times
  @sharlynlauby: 1 times
  @hrwhisperer: 1 times
  @sbjet: 1 times
  @cincyrecruiter: 1 times
whunsberger mentions:
  @Carry41: 1 times
  @JennKaye: 1 times
  @jillberquist: 1 times
  @ckkohnle: 1 times
  @nickatdavis: 1 times
  @SocialMediaMo: 1 times
  @Jacobperez: 1 times
  @pamturner: 1 times
beingthere mentions:
  @kathleenhessert: 1 times
  @ryanstephens: 1 times
  @mmahoney13: 1 times
  @jasonespn: 1 times
  @ltbeyer: 1 times
  @nflprguy: 1 times
  @umassdilo: 1 times
  @joshfeinberg: 1 times
  @dsportsdaily: 1 times
astrogirl426 mentions:
uprightseo mentions:
  @MMAHole: 1 times
sarahsnowdon mentions:
  @JasonRidge1: 1 times
johntodor mentions:
  @dtapscott: 1 times
  @mikestafford: 1 times
  @wk4coffee: 1 times
  @eldridge2m: 1 times
  @maritar: 1 times
  @axels: 1 times
  @paulsloane: 1 times
  @Pingtweets: 1 times
everythingms mentions:
  @maryjofoley: 1 times
  @longzheng: 1 times
  @thurrott: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @toddbishop: 1 times
  @edbott: 1 times
  @jsenior: 1 times
pqrdesigns mentions:
  @AndrewKelsall: 1 times
ffdaniel mentions:
  @pathaddad: 1 times
mariiianaaaa mentions:
  @gabrielapiorini: 1 times
  @Cottonzinha: 1 times
  @twittess: 1 times
  @GFlorees: 1 times
j_waite mentions:
  @MichaelIles: 1 times
  @Thatcher: 1 times
  @Jenfidel: 1 times
  @dahlhalla: 1 times
  @mattklewis: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
chic_travel mentions:
  @KathleenShow: 1 times
  @SkinnyScoopers: 1 times
tammymunson mentions:
  @publicrelations: 1 times
ladyh667 mentions:
  @guardiantech: 1 times
  @Wossy: 1 times
  @missjeffreestar: 1 times
  @psexypsychic: 1 times
  @iainlee: 1 times
  @djorgensen: 1 times
  @whoji: 1 times
  @hollywills: 1 times
  @scarletblonde: 1 times
  @SaSaToxic: 1 times
syariefalka mentions:
  @borrysmursallin: 1 times
ehuggy mentions:
  @injurylitigator: 1 times
wshealy mentions:
  @zoomzoomleigh: 1 times
  @mountainxpress: 1 times
  @marlamilling: 1 times
  @msholin: 1 times
  @AskAsheville: 1 times
  @NorthAVLNews: 1 times
  @wnccheap: 1 times
  @myweaverville: 1 times
  @cleanerenergy: 1 times
erikless mentions:
  @Skittykat: 1 times
  @ourcitylight: 1 times
  @rachelreadsalot: 1 times
  @colbertobsessed: 1 times
babitosdad mentions:
  @bunkerhubby: 1 times
  @astrogirl426: 1 times
zeebrasolutions mentions:
  @talesleon: 1 times
  @poblito: 1 times
  @AdrianaTorres: 1 times
  @ZeebraSolutions: 1 times
  @MTV: 1 times
  @agenciabw: 1 times
  @CaixaPretta: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @guardiantech: 1 times
  @chmkt: 1 times
scenetrash mentions:
  @thephotogirl: 1 times
  @shannonyazurlo: 1 times
  @Reillywtfff: 1 times
  @ROBBIEEEEE: 1 times
  @ryanGCP: 1 times
  @gunclickpanic: 1 times
emgtay mentions:
  @presidentbarryo: 1 times
  @RightNowLady: 1 times
  @SECONDCHRONICLE: 1 times
  @bushido02: 1 times
cacau_calazans mentions:
  @microfoneaberto: 1 times
  @maragabrilli: 1 times
  @andreamatarazzo: 1 times
  @floriano45: 1 times
jamerz3294 mentions:
  @ScienceChannel: 1 times
  @dpodolsky: 1 times
  @AstronomyNews: 1 times
  @NerdAbout: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
scottbmofs mentions:
  @getoutdoors: 1 times
  @campingblogger: 1 times
  @shustonphotos: 1 times
  @elliefunt: 1 times
  @NatureRocks: 1 times
  @camodadogg: 1 times
  @larrymarkovitz: 1 times
jagadeeshmp mentions:
coachjanet mentions:
  @freesiafile: 1 times
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @RevOra: 1 times
  @pamelaarcher: 1 times
  @bettylynch: 1 times
  @karlyn: 1 times
  @coachjanet: 1 times
  @Moonshadowrider: 1 times
pathaddad mentions:
shellyrouse mentions:
  @lettergirl: 1 times
  @nellieolson: 1 times
_bellamcullen_ mentions:
  @tanyadenali: 1 times
  @denalikate: 1 times
  @NomadGarrett: 1 times
  @carmendenali: 1 times
  @NomadCharlotte: 1 times
christine1 mentions:
  @AlyssaMilanoCredible: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
bhamdotfm mentions:
  @johnpstrohm: 1 times
  @bhamdotfm: 1 times
  @BrianTMurphy: 1 times
  @ClintWells: 1 times
  @RebelKing: 1 times
  @jamric: 1 times
  @The: 1 times
  @jamespeefahy: 1 times
mundicohq mentions:
chrissduffy mentions:
  @blackfonzie: 1 times
healthrunning mentions:
  @RunnerDude: 1 times
hisfirefly mentions:
  @MaxLucado: 1 times
wloveaffection mentions:
  @ellencrimitrent: 1 times
bbbellezza mentions:
  @postalguarelas: 1 times
  @meluseena: 1 times
  @exframebuilder: 1 times
  @cobcottage: 1 times
  @BBBellezza: 1 times
  @unm00red: 1 times
pickledllama mentions:
  @VegasWalkinDude: 1 times
feerzitaa mentions:
  @rodneydrummer: 1 times
  @delfinlucas: 1 times
  @brunnob: 1 times
  @PauloLCampos: 1 times
  @mandinhatorres: 1 times
  @hugo382: 1 times
  @letitudodibom: 1 times
  @thiagotaa: 1 times
nyprdiva mentions:
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
markjreuter mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @ZoomInfo: 1 times
  @ponet: 1 times
  @jerbuen: 1 times
  @txtglennross: 1 times
  @susanhash: 1 times
  @markjreuter: 1 times
tweetsoapstars mentions:
  @krisalderson: 1 times
  @DivasofDaytime: 1 times
  @tr4c33: 1 times
  @ericmartsolf: 1 times
  @mollydollyy: 1 times
  @edenriegel: 1 times
  @NancyLeeGrahn: 1 times
adsnell2004 mentions:
  @buildincomelist: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @MizzPR: 1 times
  @ElViejon: 2 times
  @adsnell2004: 1 times
  @PaperCakes: 1 times
  @judithleger: 1 times
  @rhpritchard: 1 times
  @infamyTV: 1 times
goodkarmahost mentions:
  @HistoricShed: 1 times
  @chereden: 1 times
  @GoodKarmaHost: 1 times
  @beachnriver: 1 times
  @unclewilco: 1 times
  @tld: 1 times
  @norcross: 1 times
silversquare mentions:
  @staciarenbarger: 1 times
  @CFIINC: 1 times
  @Built2WinRaffle: 1 times
thejhale mentions:
  @TheEmCullen: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
  @RainS: 1 times
  @SpidrMonkey: 1 times
singlemamawoc mentions:
  @bigtrocks: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
  @JustJulie: 1 times
  @keithstudios: 1 times
  @jnyobe48: 1 times
gettingoutside mentions:
  @RightWingArtist: 1 times
ripmoonwalker mentions:
  @tonisant: 1 times
  @RIPmoonwalker: 1 times
simplesumit mentions:
  @shayonpal: 1 times
  @ujwalaprabhu: 1 times
  @prolificd: 1 times
  @phoenicks: 1 times
  @heartuvgold: 1 times
  @monikkinom: 1 times
  @angsuman: 1 times
kristin_09 mentions:
  @inkBlue: 1 times
  @mrewis1982: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @wayway8: 1 times
  @rudym55: 1 times
  @akomukizera: 1 times
katienance mentions:
  @willimac: 1 times
mjgay mentions:
  @KrisKetz: 1 times
  @HearstNews: 1 times
  @WISN12News: 1 times
  @cbsAndrewCohen: 1 times
  @HarveyLevinTMZ: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @KaylaC: 1 times
  @GMblogs: 1 times
jrodizfocused mentions:
  @freshjeremy: 1 times
  @infamytv: 1 times
  @dkwalton: 1 times
  @dopegirlphresh: 1 times
  @roepkepr: 1 times
roseinturmoil mentions:
  @eleesha: 1 times
  @davidgilson: 1 times
  @mamaeanswers: 1 times
  @fathomdj: 1 times
  @RoseInTurmoil: 1 times
  @afyministries: 1 times
  @JulReDesigns: 1 times
poojakashyap mentions:
  @viveksingh: 1 times
  @kapilb: 1 times
  @niravj: 1 times
  @GauravSaha: 1 times
  @SickPuppyDawg: 1 times
  @vishwaskasat: 1 times
  @rizwaniqbal: 1 times
  @poojakashyap: 1 times
  @NavneethShenoy: 1 times
  @sharninder: 1 times
cocosgreenhouse mentions:
  @NightSkies: 1 times
  @rosegardenfae: 1 times
  @tagscats: 1 times
  @CombustionGlass: 1 times
  @kreativlink: 1 times
  @ZudaGay: 1 times
  @CrazyBliss: 1 times
  @CassiusDesigns: 1 times
  @JCVdude: 1 times
autismblessings mentions:
  @SunshineBoat: 1 times
thatstripeycat mentions:
  @IcyCat: 1 times
  @09casper: 1 times
  @BabyPatches: 1 times
  @MamaGerbil: 1 times
  @TobyCat: 1 times
  @Wildboutbirds: 1 times
  @CircusKitty: 1 times
  @cleominette: 1 times
sahjah mentions:
  @Cleopha: 1 times
bemz mentions:
  @chromalab: 1 times
  @mocoloco: 1 times
  @ThankTank: 1 times
  @skonahem: 1 times
  @residencemag: 1 times
j9gem mentions:
  @OliviaChoi: 1 times
pattyblake mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
angelsknocking mentions:
  @2kiss: 1 times
  @ExpandaBuck: 1 times
  @FollowSaveLives: 1 times
  @TreverMcghee: 1 times
  @AbuzzB: 1 times
  @1kiss: 1 times
  @Faeriegift: 1 times
justcourtney mentions:
  @chokewho: 2 times
h0neycita mentions:
  @DONDITO: 1 times
  @GOLDILOCZ730DIP: 1 times
  @DavidHughesNews: 1 times
  @Ayvii: 1 times
  @TEXA5STAR: 1 times
  @h0neycita: 1 times
  @KaliyahPjones: 1 times
  @casscalogeraxxx: 1 times
  @BkBap: 1 times
  @divineisisis: 1 times
fernandafronza mentions:
  @denver: 1 times
lotsofdimples mentions:
opss mentions:
cozimek mentions:
  @cajunjen: 1 times
dabuhd mentions:
  @Tekee: 1 times
dreamsagain mentions:
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
  @RichSchefren: 1 times
clareitycoo mentions:
  @KristenCarr: 1 times
  @startabuzz: 1 times
  @Byrdtweets: 1 times
  @theRealClint: 1 times
  @TheDailyBlonde: 1 times
  @ProfessionalOne: 1 times
stephanie206 mentions:
  @dirtytackle: 1 times
  @objectivo: 1 times
  @seaningle: 1 times
  @NYLiverBull: 1 times
  @BryanSoB: 1 times
  @muhacus: 1 times
axl_njl1981 mentions:
  @sexlovesadness: 1 times
  @axlnjl1981: 1 times
  @lyneeko: 1 times
  @seudonima: 1 times
  @josterricardo: 1 times
  @adels: 1 times
  @MarceMelendez: 1 times
  @Helohim: 1 times
  @dranes: 1 times
  @ecader: 1 times
chiefhotmomma mentions:
  @SweetSue: 1 times
filipemmiranda mentions:
  @cesaum: 1 times
fuschia mentions:
  @BouncingSoulsNJ: 1 times
  @CurtisRx: 1 times
sdholmes mentions:
  @DJroby: 1 times
  @EarlNetwal: 1 times
  @SheilaAtwood: 1 times
  @k0zm0zs0ul: 1 times
  @marlonsanders: 1 times
  @RandyTheHermit: 1 times
  @ronbarrett: 1 times
  @MikePaetzold: 1 times
  @JohnCussons: 1 times
cullenmum mentions:
  @TheEmCullem: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
  @RainS: 1 times
  @SpidrMonkey: 1 times
michaeljoel mentions:
  @kennyloggins: 1 times
beltwaybaca mentions:
  @bambenek: 1 times
  @adamforillinois: 1 times
  @kmrasmussen: 1 times
  @beltwaybaca: 1 times
  @israelimom: 1 times
  @FrankCanzolino: 1 times
  @illinoispolicy: 1 times
brendahilliard mentions:
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @LindaStanford: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @CathyJBrown: 1 times
poetyk mentions:
  @etrendzshop: 1 times
  @WhoaMellyNYC: 1 times
  @chrisjbrandon: 1 times
  @KLHILLSMAN: 1 times
  @PoetyK: 1 times
  @MrC817: 1 times
  @lookingatnews: 1 times
  @famousfollower: 1 times
missgalore mentions:
  @euphoriefetzen: 1 times
christel3tx mentions:
  @InMyPants: 1 times
lisastarbuck mentions:
  @mundicohq: 1 times
17thstreetbbq mentions:
  @steveuliss: 1 times
  @FireflysBBQ: 1 times
  @pitmasterpete: 1 times
  @cindiful1: 1 times
  @bbqpro: 1 times
  @jimnnicksbbq: 1 times
kcarruthers mentions:
  @fridley: 1 times
joeschmitt mentions:
  @catdog03: 1 times
  @MeetingBoy: 1 times
  @MattRedacted: 1 times
  @srslainey: 1 times
emazursky mentions:
  @standnow: 1 times
  @antigenocide: 1 times
brianicus mentions:
  @mikeftw: 1 times
  @sarahksilverman: 1 times
  @meetingboy: 1 times
  @fuckingdog: 1 times
  @yellingbird: 1 times
  @textism: 1 times
  @carrmah: 1 times
  @myracles: 1 times
meghancupcakes mentions:
  @AllyCupcake: 1 times
  @amandaxrae: 1 times
  @anothersaturday: 1 times
  @musicjess: 1 times
  @smaloy: 1 times
spongenb mentions:
  @sparekeys: 1 times
robmorris2 mentions:
  @jeffjarvis: 1 times
  @AceWeekly: 1 times
tombuchheim mentions:
mjodirector mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
swhitney1984 mentions:
lepouse mentions:
  @avfccentral: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
  @NPCA: 1 times
  @whatdayathink: 1 times
  @wardswoods: 1 times
  @zipzink: 1 times
  @thegoodhuman: 1 times
  @edTheist: 1 times
  @Nickdrumr2: 1 times
  @rangerous: 1 times
amspec mentions:
  @PhillipAKlein: 1 times
  @RSMcCain: 1 times
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @ewerickson: 1 times
  @JosephLawler: 1 times
  @Vadum: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @MichelleMalkin: 1 times
  @EdMorrissey: 1 times
dvs mentions:
  @jupiter2012: 1 times
  @verticalQ: 1 times
falaseriolipe mentions:
  @brenomaciel: 1 times
  @opss: 1 times
johnamussen mentions:
  @colombiancoffee: 1 times
  @TeresaKopec: 1 times
  @abbaks: 1 times
  @WeeLaura: 1 times
  @Chloebeetle: 1 times
  @jhgrant: 1 times
the_borg mentions:
  @dwablog: 1 times
flyersview mentions:
  @flyingwithfish: 1 times
  @faseidl: 1 times
lexpress mentions:
  @mettout: 1 times
  @thomasbronnec: 1 times
  @julienLEXPRESS: 1 times
  @mondeLEXPRESS: 1 times
  @mdLEXPRESS: 1 times
  @MarieAmelie: 1 times
  @polLEXPRESS: 1 times
scarymommy mentions:
  @ParentopiaDevra: 1 times
  @punditmom: 1 times
  @scarymommy: 1 times
  @room704: 2 times
  @whostheboss: 1 times
themes4bb mentions:
  @Blackberrytheme: 1 times
  @inhabitedvoid: 1 times
  @bbgeekchic: 1 times
  @bbunderground: 1 times
  @themes4bb: 1 times
  @bbgeeks: 1 times
  @neondeception: 1 times
bouldercoaching mentions:
  @LiveJoy: 1 times
  @HillsofAfrica: 1 times
  @ltrunell: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
ummm_stacy mentions:
  @dillydillylady: 1 times
  @4theloveofmike: 1 times
  @yeahrobots: 1 times
nancwriter mentions:
  @kevinduffy: 1 times
  @BrandRanter: 1 times
felipesimon mentions:
  @Rosimeire: 1 times
  @suzanavargas: 1 times
ca_10 mentions:
  @adrielhampton: 1 times
behsegond mentions:
  @pjvix: 1 times
  @opss: 1 times
wjhudson mentions:
  @spaceflightnow: 1 times
  @astronomyblog: 1 times
  @davepdotorg: 1 times
  @Ryo: 1 times
  @spacecrazed: 1 times
  @b0yle: 1 times
  @astrogeek: 1 times
dana311 mentions:
  @fivebelow: 1 times
  @jbheartscrew: 1 times
  @heartscrew: 1 times
  @amandax23: 1 times
  @novalidtitle: 1 times
  @mysummerbeard: 1 times
valentinecc mentions:
  @prazhmalwys: 1 times
  @CindyReynolds: 1 times
  @motionbugger: 1 times
  @ILMsux: 1 times
lucasmhv mentions:
  @nickellis: 1 times
  @izzynobre: 1 times
  @marcelotas: 1 times
  @daviddentist: 1 times
  @thellocaeto: 1 times
  @wallacesouza: 1 times
  @cardoso: 1 times
  @walterlongo: 1 times
tommyreyes mentions:
  @sbmczh: 1 times
  @xxxSupermodel: 1 times
  @LilOne1223: 1 times
  @Eddiebaseball: 1 times
  @OMFGitsjillie: 1 times
  @nikkibenz: 1 times
  @breeolson9: 1 times
  @YankeeMegInPHL: 1 times
  @HTBP: 1 times
  @crotchjenkins: 1 times
oth11 mentions:
  @AffMark: 1 times
  @imilde: 1 times
  @UrsaVeraJewelry: 1 times
  @crazyblogger: 1 times
paulgiunta mentions:
  @rmphotography: 1 times
  @ice66: 1 times
  @bucketheadphoto: 1 times
  @zosokun: 1 times
  @taylor2nd: 1 times
  @macfusiongirl: 1 times
noahroth mentions:
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
reddywriting mentions:
  @sensual: 1 times
  @richdirtygirl: 1 times
  @authorsara: 1 times
  @sexysecrets: 1 times
  @usnavyseals: 1 times
bitofmomsense mentions:
  @ottawamomof3: 1 times
  @thesmartmama: 1 times
lt_harchayim mentions:
  @BINEXT: 1 times
torokneildiko mentions:
  @szeszterke: 1 times
  @TillZ: 1 times
kimmydarling mentions:
  @christel3tx: 1 times
  @scrangie: 1 times
zartjr mentions:
  @gabrielgb72: 1 times
  @patir: 1 times
  @choks23: 1 times
  @rafazart: 1 times
  @jhoje: 1 times
claudiabroome mentions:
  @BarryCurcio: 1 times
  @ClaudiaBroome: 1 times
  @ramartijr: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @NevadaGrey: 1 times
mcflynews mentions:
  @DougsButtercup: 1 times
dnvrsangel mentions:
  @jimMacMillan: 1 times
  @JerryBroughton: 1 times
  @stephdrogers: 1 times
  @andersoncooper: 1 times
  @jackgraycnn: 1 times
  @bobgarrett: 1 times
juhorta mentions:
  @andyzeo: 1 times
cmarzi84 mentions:
  @espnscrum: 1 times
garciaaj mentions:
  @ArmySpouse: 1 times
mlb mentions:
  @vvbailey: 1 times
  @karon157: 1 times
  @rricha2835: 1 times
  @patwoe: 1 times
  @mlblinedrives: 1 times
  @rhaak: 1 times
  @rafaelrojasc: 1 times
  @nathandemanche: 1 times
  @andrewbucholtz: 1 times
  @louisvuittonbum: 1 times
laurarisso mentions:
  @MovUrbano: 1 times
  @CanalSolidario: 1 times
  @misscositas: 1 times
  @Agustiina: 1 times
  @leoncitobonito: 1 times
  @keritaa: 1 times
  @Zargas: 1 times
  @luisraa: 1 times
  @clarincom: 1 times
  @jomagaro: 1 times
vodka357 mentions:
  @ominae: 1 times
chrisnaan mentions:
  @Banksyart2: 1 times
grmpygrl08 mentions:
  @marieiris: 1 times
  @GRMPYgrl08: 1 times
beatbullies mentions:
  @unfollowperez: 1 times
gimpnelly mentions:
  @alexsegura: 1 times
  @CjBProductions: 1 times
  @CourtneyWoods: 1 times
  @dyfl: 1 times
  @sarahstarlitt: 1 times
  @WilMoss: 1 times
  @DCNATION: 1 times
pacoblue mentions:
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @TiffAmberJones: 1 times
  @TwittsMcGee: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @PhilHarrison: 1 times
  @lorenzaponce: 1 times
alliworthington mentions:
  @Amy2boys: 1 times
  @AlliWorthington: 1 times
butterfly0910 mentions:
  @solsie: 1 times
  @bin: 1 times
  @huyen: 1 times
marioune mentions:
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
conradodess mentions:
  @anteek: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @GrowMap: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @maverickwoman: 1 times
  @Ambal: 1 times
  @SocialClicks: 1 times
  @ConradoDess: 1 times
asdeos mentions:
  @jaredroy: 1 times
  @tbrunelle: 1 times
eicdocket mentions:
  @CommitteeCorner: 1 times
  @phillyshortcite: 1 times
  @jayshep: 1 times
  @danielschwartz: 1 times
scifiwatch mentions:
  @johnottinger: 1 times
  @JonathanStrahan: 1 times
  @rsdevin: 1 times
  @hownottowrite: 1 times
  @nextread: 1 times
  @JohnAnealio: 1 times
  @mentalfloss: 1 times
  @SFAwardsWatch: 1 times
  @littlebrown: 1 times
sw76 mentions:
  @nikkiwelch: 1 times
  @AmandaLynn0: 1 times
kjmastaw mentions:
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
urbanizd mentions:
  @DevLano: 1 times
  @urbanizd: 1 times
  @FutureVoiceOfNY: 1 times
  @Talentino1: 1 times
  @MRLINEUP: 1 times
  @ShaddowNemesis: 1 times
  @JOisWavey: 1 times
weatherangel mentions:
  @megaphoneMusic: 1 times
shaebynes mentions:
  @PatrickRiddle: 1 times
  @tmauch: 1 times
allisonkasic mentions:
  @Heminator: 1 times
  @MZHemingway: 1 times
roseangst mentions:
  @sharepositivity: 1 times
  @pinkroseforever: 1 times
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
  @roseangst: 1 times
lambday mentions:
  @lumpyana: 1 times
readingtub mentions:
  @liveBarefoot: 1 times
  @Literacyvolunteers: 1 times
  @litnet: 1 times
  @everybodywins: 1 times
bebecannelle mentions:
  @mimimyne: 1 times
  @daisychainbaby: 1 times
  @molliemoo: 1 times
  @partysprite: 1 times
  @bebecannelle: 1 times
  @stallfinder: 1 times
myfourmonkeys mentions:
  @KidsLinked: 1 times
  @kristinhayes: 1 times
  @ButtonnoseBotiq: 1 times
  @denisenorthern: 1 times
  @MyFourMonkeys: 1 times
  @ThriftyChicMom: 1 times
  @TheCover5: 1 times
  @Lifeasweknowit: 1 times
ektasopal mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @ADAMPOWELL: 1 times
  @Annaterrell: 1 times
  @duncanmayall: 1 times
  @gabrielamd: 1 times
widfm mentions:
  @UWMadisonNews: 1 times
  @LSNews: 1 times
  @BuckyBadger: 1 times
  @UnionTheater: 1 times
  @TheWhyFiles: 1 times
  @UWSystem: 1 times
  @UWHumanities: 1 times
  @WUDMusic: 1 times
  @UWDigiCollec: 1 times
queenbeecc mentions:
  @eastermoon: 1 times
  @psychodwarf: 1 times
  @fuzzilu: 1 times
  @parysnet: 1 times
  @leafybear: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @artyjill: 1 times
  @Fozziedog: 1 times
nothingbtstring mentions:
  @bbbellezza: 1 times
  @scrappyb: 1 times
  @hilariagallery: 1 times
  @craftingadvice: 1 times
  @joanne7964: 1 times
  @sisterdiane: 1 times
  @babyblankets: 1 times
  @knittyandcolor: 1 times
kissmyaster mentions:
  @RyansGarden: 1 times
  @metalsculptor: 1 times
  @oakleafgreen: 1 times
  @Toots2: 1 times
  @JeanAnnVK: 1 times
  @kissmyaster: 1 times
  @anicegreenleaf: 1 times
  @JamesASinclair: 1 times
  @botanicalglass: 1 times
rose_w mentions:
  @wwwebbs: 1 times
westcoastgal88 mentions:
  @DISupdates: 2 times
cindyking mentions:
  @mintblogger: 1 times
  @Wchingya: 1 times
  @rjleaman: 1 times
  @eeUS: 1 times
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @jmoonah: 1 times
  @PetLvr: 1 times
  @RebeccaM: 1 times
sgbrou mentions:
  @andinarvaez: 1 times
  @natalietejeda: 1 times
  @creightonwelch: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
ddenson mentions:
  @indiecoffee: 1 times
  @scd: 1 times
gbyat mentions:
  @dkomm: 1 times
  @socialedge: 1 times
morgandaycecil mentions:
  @4SingleMoms: 1 times
  @mothersingle: 1 times
  @lovingmyKygirl: 1 times
  @mssinglemama: 1 times
  @goforno: 1 times
diradiocast mentions:
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
  @LeslieLSC: 1 times
alexandra324 mentions:
  @divadoll21285: 1 times
  @FollowBackList: 1 times
  @iamBenLyons: 1 times
  @lizascracco: 1 times
  @keriannan: 1 times
  @HazelMcAdam: 1 times
kidlit_kim mentions:
  @runnrgrl: 1 times
  @DCrunnergrrl: 1 times
  @sarahstanley: 1 times
  @runkerrierun: 1 times
belladonnarose mentions:
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @sforsyth01: 1 times
  @CandiceJo: 1 times
  @PepperTheDog: 1 times
  @: 1 times
expatcoachmegan mentions:
  @marismith: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
  @copyblogger: 1 times
  @marketingprofs: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @chrisgarrett: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
danregularis mentions:
  @cerealkilller: 1 times
raven1967 mentions:
  @wartapes: 1 times
  @boxerrebellion: 1 times
  @sohodolls: 1 times
  @TBMassacre: 1 times
  @recoilofficial: 1 times
  @stellate: 1 times
  @riseagainst: 1 times
  @collidemusic: 1 times
  @shinytoyguns: 1 times
cmconnect mentions:
  @samluce: 1 times
  @jimwideman: 1 times
  @kennyconley: 1 times
  @prince4jc: 1 times
  @mattmckee: 1 times
  @jabberfrog: 1 times
  @rfrank: 1 times
  @jonathancliff: 1 times
  @michaelchanley: 1 times
pamelabruner mentions:
  @EFTSuzanne: 1 times
  @SarahEFT: 1 times
  @EFTSejual: 1 times
  @MTTradio: 1 times
  @EFTmama: 1 times
  @ChipEFT: 1 times
  @helpforparents: 1 times
  @EFTCoachJane: 1 times
aldrichjc mentions:
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
  @paradisej: 1 times
  @makinitrite: 1 times
  @simplycaren: 1 times
  @goodnessme: 1 times
  @cuatrogatos: 1 times
  @mselyse: 1 times
meechone mentions:
buddyrabbit mentions:
  @Wildboutbirds: 2 times
wordlesschorus mentions:
  @hermitfarmer: 1 times
  @auderary: 1 times
  @optimuscupcake: 1 times
  @whereivebeen: 1 times
  @urquidez: 1 times
  @umprez: 1 times
  @theamandamancan: 1 times
  @vndl42: 1 times
ladonnaflynn mentions:
  @ChefAshbabe: 1 times
  @sccastaneda: 1 times
  @threadless: 1 times
  @mitchfatel: 1 times
winstarmedia mentions:
  @Susantravels: 1 times
social1pr mentions:
  @tweetkite: 1 times
  @dswei: 1 times
  @onnotitulaer: 1 times
  @Hoku9342: 1 times
  @rikharvin: 1 times
  @holygee: 1 times
  @KoolnKooky: 1 times
  @JohnCarlos: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @Mikeachim: 1 times
  @tw140: 1 times
  @coinvine: 1 times
jesussetmefree mentions:
  @robcgreene: 1 times
  @tylerorr: 1 times
  @petehoekstra: 1 times
  @angelofficial: 1 times
  @JeffEdgel: 1 times
  @imHubert: 1 times
  @gasema: 1 times
  @kpstanfill: 1 times
  @AttaboyOnline: 1 times
ot3p_wolf mentions:
  @PotLegalization: 1 times
xponja mentions:
  @DigitalInd: 1 times
  @RBSP: 1 times
  @rodreis: 1 times
  @drcareca: 1 times
eknoch mentions:
  @ctownmarketing: 1 times
sharisax mentions:
  @knealemann: 1 times
nebraskapta mentions:
  @alpta: 1 times
aurarcana mentions:
  @ShadowFoxTarot: 1 times
trevermcghee mentions:
  @AddaFriendIts: 1 times
  @ExpandaBuck: 1 times
  @FollowSaveLives: 1 times
  @TreverMcghee: 1 times
  @2kiss: 1 times
  @AbuzzB: 1 times
  @1kiss: 1 times
  @Faeriegift: 1 times
tiehseabra mentions:
  @Fregola: 2 times
jonathanbelton mentions:
  @boagworld: 1 times
  @bartodell: 1 times
  @markboulton: 1 times
  @mrmathamm: 1 times
  @ronanob: 1 times
frugalnyc mentions:
  @bkheightsblog: 1 times
  @BrooklynBugle: 1 times
littleye mentions:
  @MyJobIsMom: 1 times
  @positivemommies: 1 times
  @SingleDadLife: 1 times
  @RantRaveRoll: 1 times
  @hybridmom: 1 times
  @MomTV: 1 times
katemessner mentions:
  @ixtumea: 1 times
  @Annemazer: 1 times
  @thebrainlair: 1 times
  @TheBookseller: 1 times
  @LauraManivong: 1 times
dmstockton mentions:
  @DaveGorman: 1 times
babygurl2737 mentions:
  @o0omunkieo0o: 1 times
madfishgrill mentions:
  @dinesarasota: 1 times
  @madfishgrill: 1 times
  @Opheliasonbay: 1 times
  @mdiaczyk: 1 times
  @SKOysterBar: 1 times
mephilo mentions:
  @battlebot: 1 times
  @chishornbrook: 1 times
  @dprshadeofsoul: 1 times
  @ferretmusic: 1 times
  @stadiuminsider: 1 times
  @ustream: 1 times
  @hypebot: 1 times
  @brooklynvegan: 1 times
  @rotoworld: 1 times
  @mlb: 1 times
suitechauvhan mentions:
  @blankstudent: 1 times
  @SecondCityStyle: 1 times
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @ExpertImage: 1 times
  @thehousewife: 1 times
  @suitechauvhan: 1 times
  @thehairgoddess: 1 times
  @SHEboutique: 1 times
tienenhuevo mentions:
  @ninhobombajejejedefollowfriday: 1 times
  @TIENENHUEVO: 1 times
knowwhatcounts mentions:
  @kvannort: 1 times
jenforbus mentions:
  @LesaHolstine: 1 times
  @CrimespreeJon: 1 times
  @AliChemist: 1 times
  @ByrneMediaGroup: 1 times
  @readstreet: 1 times
  @djmont: 1 times
rajue mentions:
  @redaktusse: 1 times
wahoocandyman mentions:
  @yidwithlid: 1 times
  @sparkey999w: 1 times
  @JTlol: 1 times
  @DarkKnight3565: 1 times
  @sissyto4: 1 times
  @sunrisepatriot: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @LaurieBailey: 1 times
  @johnsykes1035: 1 times
soulmate47 mentions:
  @ClodVanTam: 1 times
  @CSouldiers: 1 times
cksample mentions:
leonardoseabra mentions:
  @michaeljackson: 1 times
ontheflypr mentions:
  @TMariePR: 1 times
  @promotingyou: 1 times
  @Tmariepr: 1 times
  @Candicenicolepr: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @msbbp404: 1 times
  @TSFMarketingPR: 1 times
kenshane mentions:
  @pchianca: 1 times
  @timbury: 1 times
  @blogness: 1 times
  @zandria1: 1 times
  @dslifton: 1 times
  @justkap: 1 times
potentiate mentions:
  @HeidiRichards: 1 times
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
tmcmedia mentions:
  @JasonBarnett: 1 times
appleweed mentions:
  @ThingsMomsLike: 1 times
  @shoplilmissdiva: 1 times
purist1 mentions:
  @JohnGaltKnows: 1 times
exp123 mentions:
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @angellr: 1 times
  @JKissnHug: 1 times
  @quietlaughter: 1 times
  @LadyParadis: 1 times
  @Catnboots: 1 times
  @jkvirtualoffice: 1 times
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
  @APCPro: 1 times
followthelede mentions:
  @eldiariony: 1 times
  @CCIR: 1 times
  @JuanTornoe: 1 times
  @HispanicReach: 1 times
  @CatholicDan: 1 times
  @CatholicNewsSvc: 1 times
  @TheNewsChick: 1 times
westham4ever mentions:
  @ptd: 1 times
  @rabidrighty: 1 times
  @CrabbyCon: 1 times
  @stoptheliberals: 1 times
  @fleckman: 1 times
  @gilcarvr: 1 times
  @longhawl: 1 times
  @BraveLad: 1 times
  @waynek: 1 times
  @execulive: 1 times
  @ChrisFLinton: 1 times
twalk mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
jennifer_10_25 mentions:
  @ghostlikeswayze: 1 times
seattlegeekly mentions:
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @popcapgames: 1 times
1ndefinite mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @Phabi: 1 times
  @tmccool: 1 times
  @mugglesam: 1 times
  @sonjawise: 1 times
  @cloudberry99: 1 times
  @nickynocky: 1 times
  @majorwifey: 1 times
  @mmillberry: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
latimesnystrom mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
motherswah mentions:
  @DynaGirl: 1 times
  @mamascarf: 1 times
  @charliemoos: 1 times
  @enhanceme: 1 times
  @mumstheboss: 1 times
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
  @mothersWAH: 1 times
  @more4mums: 1 times
stazjia mentions:
  @Scamtypes: 1 times
  @scamtypes: 1 times
nickkellet mentions:
  @LorienGreen: 1 times
  @MsSilpada: 1 times
  @wootboot: 1 times
shanatweeting mentions:
  @beebow: 1 times
  @leeodden: 1 times
  @graywolf: 1 times
  @Szetela: 1 times
  @rustybrick: 1 times
  @dannysullivan@aimclear: 1 times
  @clydeboom: 1 times
  @MikeWesely: 1 times
katyharwood01 mentions:
  @JohnnyJfar: 1 times
cookiebiscuit mentions:
  @StageFighter: 1 times
pensacolacvb mentions:
  @IreneExpCols: 1 times
myohmy2boys mentions:
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @Loebette: 1 times
  @mkfacesclub: 1 times
  @kimt205: 1 times
  @menacingpickle: 1 times
  @Michelee1433: 1 times
  @some1ssista: 1 times
  @Syntheonline: 1 times
roaring_tulips mentions:
  @NancyWhite: 1 times
  @michellechance: 1 times
  @blogbrevity: 1 times
  @duvaldestroyer: 1 times
rqc mentions:
  @chuckiej: 1 times
  @JamieGator: 1 times
  @jasonrunyan: 1 times
  @lulamae: 1 times
  @malcolli: 1 times
  @mikedup: 1 times
  @@gotoplanb: 1 times
frenchlandscape mentions:
  @danielsroka: 1 times
boardingschools mentions:
  @School2CallHome: 1 times
  @gouldacademy: 1 times
  @CushingAcademy: 1 times
  @TrinityPawling: 1 times
  @fessy: 1 times
  @AshevilleSchool: 1 times
rwatheist mentions:
  @evilray: 1 times
daccarte mentions:
  @BridgeofHopeSJC: 1 times
smitheejr mentions:
  @GailSimone: 1 times
  @andydiggle: 1 times
  @BeauSmithRanch: 1 times
  @atomictiki: 1 times
  @MykeNorten: 1 times
  @GeoffJohns0: 1 times
howtomakemyblog mentions:
  @BlueCollarU: 1 times
rvawx mentions:
  @SkateNationPlus: 1 times
  @richmondicezone: 1 times
  @triguy: 1 times
  @johndwatt: 1 times
  @WxDan: 1 times
  @herdgasman: 1 times
  @juliawb: 1 times
  @aaronsdotson: 1 times
  @trevordickerson: 1 times
  @mikesica: 1 times
danielsayon mentions:
  @juhorta: 1 times
  @seocast: 1 times
  @juuhh: 1 times
  @moruffo: 1 times
  @felipegomes: 1 times
  @camilamoraes: 1 times
michellesadserv mentions:
  @BuddyRabbit: 1 times
  @FunFollow: 1 times
  @michellesadserv: 1 times
  @CaplinROUS: 1 times
  @woodythebear: 1 times
  @Dhammadinna: 1 times
  @MulderCat: 1 times
toddfi mentions:
  @pollydrew: 1 times
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
dsanson mentions:
  @snarkandboobs: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @thrillerchick: 1 times
  @GayPatriot: 1 times
  @KimmyQueen: 1 times
  @TwitsNtwats: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @StefanMK1: 1 times
  @LindaHeathNH: 1 times
andreacecil mentions:
  @mormolyke: 1 times
  @leviathant: 1 times
  @charlotteemilyt: 1 times
  @tonytopper: 1 times
  @jjpk: 1 times
  @cgcumber: 1 times
firebird86 mentions:
  @ChrisMute97: 1 times
  @dattrax: 1 times
  @djdelb: 1 times
  @discotizer: 1 times
  @discowhore: 1 times
  @firebird86: 1 times
  @wasamike: 1 times
  @dannydance: 1 times
  @larslb: 1 times
  @robbedbyrobots: 1 times
jonathanellis1 mentions:
  @DowningStreet: 1 times
  @BISgovuk: 1 times
jenmorack mentions:
  @terrimcculloch: 1 times
  @CETEAM: 1 times
sunfire413 mentions:
  @BadButchieBrown: 1 times
campbellewald mentions:
  @mollysly: 1 times
  @kristanabraham: 1 times
  @JamieCalaguas: 1 times
  @lday: 1 times
  @acwellington: 1 times
  @hcollins: 1 times
  @creny: 1 times
  @brozman: 1 times
techtalkformoms mentions:
  @svmomsgroup: 1 times
  @chicagonista: 1 times
  @citybabymom: 1 times
  @coolphotoideas: 1 times
  @corporatemommy: 1 times
  @CrunchyCarpets: 1 times
  @cubesandcrayons: 1 times
  @daysgoby: 1 times
jacksonmetro mentions:
  @cybercoder: 1 times
stevelabelle mentions:
  @Tashikie: 2 times
carus925 mentions:
jumbola mentions:
  @thunderchunkyuk: 1 times
  @WyldStallyons: 1 times
  @McFaulStudio: 1 times
  @sparklemedia: 1 times
  @rawdesignstudio: 1 times
scottlovingood mentions:
  @LollyDaskal: 1 times
keltpm mentions:
  @BlogTPM: 1 times
voandobaixo mentions:
  @vanessaruiz: 1 times
  @RodrigoRF1: 1 times
  @amilporhora: 1 times
  @rubarrichello: 1 times
  @TonyKanaan: 1 times
  @saqueevoleio: 1 times
  @ivancapelli: 1 times
  @gabrielelomba: 1 times
  @reboteblog: 1 times
a_andf mentions:
  @beamMEpro: 1 times
  @DanielSkubal: 1 times
  @Kibler: 1 times
  @bcfilmmaker: 1 times
  @BrentwGraham: 1 times
willcoley mentions:
  @CCIR: 1 times
goodejim10 mentions:
  @Rainnwilson: 1 times
  @koolhipchicka: 1 times
  @drphil: 1 times
stevehills mentions:
  @tamisara: 1 times
agtraveler mentions:
  @hashtravel: 1 times
  @lisajanPA: 1 times
  @whereivebeen: 1 times
msquare21 mentions:
  @NeenahPaper: 1 times
  @HOWmag: 1 times
  @msquare21: 1 times
  @debbiemillman: 1 times
  @sethlilly: 1 times
  @chucks84: 1 times
  @vossome: 1 times
  @vonster: 1 times
  @barispe: 1 times
seattletallpopp mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
  @SeattleTallPopp: 1 times
  @BasilMiles: 1 times
srsh mentions:
  @LindaHeathNH: 1 times
  @antonywho: 1 times
  @srsh: 1 times
  @IgorsBrain: 1 times
  @djau68: 1 times
  @Pxcelain: 1 times
  @JoeWager: 1 times
  @FatPaddler: 1 times
  @weirdralph: 1 times
thegypsy mentions:
  @tnash: 1 times
randy_nacol2002 mentions:
  @usrbingeek: 1 times
  @fredthompson: 1 times
  @WaltRibeiro: 1 times
  @USArmy: 1 times
  @SkyNews: 1 times
  @agrundner: 1 times
  @Ustream: 1 times
  @LayersMagazine: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
vermontcom mentions:
  @GuyBBY: 1 times
  @joemescher: 1 times
youarethelink mentions:
  @2kiss: 1 times
  @ExpandaBuck: 1 times
  @FollowSaveLives: 1 times
  @TreverMcghee: 1 times
  @AbuzzB: 1 times
  @1kiss: 1 times
  @Faeriegift: 1 times
dortheabooks mentions:
  @craignewmark: 1 times
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
jimthomlinson mentions:
  @SplashMan: 1 times
  @crazehkitteh: 1 times
3lk3yrd mentions:
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
danielschwartz mentions:
  @committeecorner: 1 times
  @phillyshortcite: 1 times
  @jayshep: 1 times
  @danielschwartz: 1 times
oxfordfilmfreak mentions:
  @jacksonmetro: 1 times
gowithapurpose mentions:
cardboxdiva mentions:
  @TLCPR@CakeBossBuddy: 1 times
  @CWnetwork@TNTPR: 1 times
  @News12NJ: 1 times
mateusb mentions:
  @SerieManiacos: 1 times
  @MichelArouca: 1 times
  @lukenus: 1 times
  @Vidoni: 1 times
  @tellpeople: 1 times
  @danielbarcelos: 1 times
  @jramanzini: 1 times
  @bcarvalho: 1 times
  @dudenews: 1 times
  @AleRocha: 1 times
  @seadulce: 1 times
halfglassedlife mentions:
  @CamilleMaurice: 1 times
  @cophotog: 1 times
  @johnroconnor: 1 times
energizedspirit mentions:
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @IAMCOMPASS: 1 times
  @GunsandCrayons: 1 times
  @MillOuttaHS: 1 times
  @DJNIKZ: 1 times
  @DJDOUBLEA: 1 times
  @24KaratMag: 1 times
  @TiffanyMurrow: 1 times
  @RichardDerwentC: 1 times
theedmontonian mentions:
  @benhen: 1 times
  @doniveson: 1 times
  @ambersbrewing: 1 times
  @yegfoodbank: 1 times
  @britl: 1 times
  @YardbirdSuite: 1 times
  @flirtcupcakes: 1 times
allseeingyoda mentions:
  @UncleOwen: 1 times
  @MrBossk: 1 times
  @IG88: 1 times
  @OneArmWampa: 1 times
  @BobaTheFett: 1 times
  @FemaleRevan: 1 times
  @cadeskywalker: 1 times
  @theMaraJade: 1 times
  @DarthTraya: 1 times
  @deathstar: 1 times
ibwhitty mentions:
  @nelsonmaud: 1 times
tamibang mentions:
  @flipwared: 1 times
  @eternalsunday: 1 times
  @GuyKawasaki: 1 times
  @dako: 1 times
  @pahito: 1 times
  @Cordobes32: 1 times
  @guilleba: 1 times
  @eaccastello: 1 times
  @idesignstudios: 1 times
mortgageporter mentions:
  @ChrisBrown: 1 times
  @chikquintans: 1 times
career_search mentions:
  @careersearch: 1 times
simplexstudios mentions:
  @emilyroseartist: 1 times
  @chrishumphreys: 1 times
  @tchiphop: 1 times
  @mujamessiah: 1 times
  @HazieBaby: 1 times
  @mattuk: 1 times
  @hugostyle: 1 times
  @DavidSlocombe: 1 times
  @curedepression: 1 times
julliejoe mentions:
  @anyzamaro: 1 times
waltdisney_says mentions:
  @EastDallasAlice: 1 times
  @teruterubouzu: 1 times
  @gdpininvestigator: 1 times
  @heidiraff: 1 times
  @jeausten: 1 times
  @eanfionn: 1 times
  @SarahFarra: 1 times
  @ROBONICS95: 1 times
_anonimo mentions:
  @jacqueparra: 1 times
  @arianibarbalho: 1 times
  @nanegretti: 1 times
  @marinamazzini: 1 times
  @vinilousada: 1 times
  @GabyPagano: 1 times
  @camilamoraiss: 1 times
dadarria mentions:
  @langolab: 1 times
kwamster mentions:
  @geekgirldiva: 1 times
  @Marvel: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
caseyhiggins mentions:
  @gowithapurpose: 1 times
rightwingartist mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @JohnSWright49: 1 times
  @Sparkybrown009: 1 times
  @Havesomesense: 1 times
  @Coloradoright: 1 times
  @Parnellk63: 1 times
  @CrabbyCon: 1 times
  @skb35Is: 1 times
  @REENIT: 1 times
bokeypunk mentions:
  @bokeypunk: 1 times
opgratitude mentions:
  @ElizaElise: 1 times
  @MariaNYC: 1 times
  @straighttoit: 1 times
  @bunnypoo4U2: 1 times
  @MatFrancis: 1 times
  @ltdanbandfan: 1 times
  @bgleeson: 1 times
  @WiseGuy62: 1 times
christyku mentions:
  @skipinc: 1 times
thomasbranigan mentions:
  @mwhi: 1 times
  @kolchak: 1 times
  @capricecrane: 1 times
  @degavabu: 1 times
3stairs mentions:
  @cksample: 1 times
larked mentions:
  @divinedotca: 1 times
mxchibbs mentions:
  @PollySmall: 1 times
  @BryEaston: 1 times
  @SpoogeCo: 1 times
  @SPS: 1 times
embraceonlylove mentions:
  @Studio222LV: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
  @DCGuru: 1 times
draddee mentions:
  @JoeTrippi: 1 times
  @guardiannews: 1 times
  @ASLANmedia: 1 times
  @ReutersIran: 1 times
  @therealGlambert: 1 times
  @iranbaan: 1 times
  @TehranBureau: 1 times
  @suebrody1: 1 times
gayover50group mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 2 times
  @yero69: 1 times
  @lgbtjigsaw: 1 times
  @guardiannews: 1 times
  @Homorazzi: 1 times
  @Gayover50group: 1 times
  @NZAF: 1 times
  @GayNZ: 1 times
  @BiNetUSA: 1 times
  @SteveRothaus: 1 times
medini mentions:
  @mbhide: 1 times
  @nunncookchicag: 1 times
  @OliverRanch: 1 times
  @foodista: 1 times
  @stevenshawnyc: 1 times
  @davidleite: 1 times
  @vindee: 1 times
  @medini: 1 times
  @joymanning: 1 times
  @gastropoda: 1 times
threewinks mentions:
  @mycameraandi: 1 times
  @photosbyrowell: 1 times
  @tracytesmer: 1 times
  @threewinks: 1 times
  @susanstripling: 1 times
  @FireInTheSky: 1 times
  @MorganDayCecil: 1 times
pawluxury mentions:
sandygrason mentions:
  @drjoesDIYhealth: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong: 1 times
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
  @DocSpallone: 1 times
txinstruments mentions:
  @MedImgMark: 1 times
billrusso mentions:
  @GEAnderson: 1 times
  @billrusso: 1 times
synergistics mentions:
  @GEAnderson: 1 times
  @billrusso: 1 times
citypeekpatti mentions:
  @spivackz: 1 times
  @oronhaus: 1 times
  @KarrlaLK: 1 times
  @CityPEEKpatti: 1 times
  @rafiber: 1 times
  @jessicakorman: 1 times
romaintrillard mentions:
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
rotca1 mentions:
tinacook mentions:
  @loubortone: 1 times
  @UrsulaKauth: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @travisgreenlee: 1 times
rawrmeans143 mentions:
  @alwillis: 1 times
bbuck41 mentions:
  @bdesignsjewelry: 1 times
youlovebri mentions:
  @YouLoveBri: 1 times
  @EdERuger: 1 times
  @candygirl0718: 1 times
  @twinklestarzz: 1 times
  @jayecane: 1 times
  @JBZDOTCOM: 1 times
  @SlimNash: 1 times
  @BFochs: 1 times
fififlowers mentions:
  @WhimsicalMom: 1 times
derivativeofu mentions:
  @danmayart: 1 times
  @joshuaclay: 1 times
  @nreazon: 1 times
  @katbrunnegraff: 1 times
  @peskimo: 1 times
  @JamFactory: 1 times
  @hotpopshop: 1 times
  @feelgoodlost: 1 times
britt7094 mentions:
  @angeloys: 1 times
reneeporsia mentions:
  @mzahron: 1 times
  @njjoe: 1 times
  @NatalieNews: 1 times
  @McMedia: 1 times
  @PenelopePrzekop: 1 times
  @mfDALY: 1 times
  @producergirl: 1 times
  @trulia: 1 times
  @TalkDoc2: 1 times
  @YankeeGirl20: 1 times
punditmom mentions:
  @ParentopiaDevraBrain: 1 times
  @punditmom: 1 times
  @scarymommy: 1 times
  @room704: 1 times
  @whostheboss: 1 times
dom_lawson mentions:
  @RichardDawkins: 1 times
  @ukmetal: 1 times
  @Anthrax: 1 times
  @EaracheRecords: 1 times
  @longhairedAL: 1 times
  @RoadrunnerUK: 1 times
  @MarcusWarner: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
lafinguy mentions:
  @jreneebuchholz: 1 times
  @pookachino: 1 times
terrygreen3309 mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @JohnDavidMann: 1 times
jayshep mentions:
  @dhelwig: 1 times
  @jayshep: 1 times
  @michellegolden: 1 times
  @ardath421: 1 times
  @cpatrendlines: 1 times
zakwalsh mentions:
  @kayleehawkins: 1 times
  @goodwilldet: 1 times
  @freep: 1 times
askasheville mentions:
  @CardiffIT: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @seaslugs: 1 times
  @SmartBareter: 1 times
  @Meeksworld: 1 times
podophiliac mentions:
  @DarlaDeLeon: 1 times
  @AskNaughtyNikki: 1 times
  @PhoenixJade: 1 times
  @JackHenslee: 1 times
  @crural: 1 times
  @HoseNHeels: 1 times
  @SweetCandiesXXX: 1 times
  @WorshipPrincess: 1 times
rodolfovaliense mentions:
  @jorgeavila: 2 times
  @RicXandFollowFriday: 1 times
  @JuniorBarbosa89: 1 times
  @Alancorrea: 1 times
  @fabianofls: 1 times
  @pinducacep: 1 times
  @NandoFluhr: 1 times
  @vintireais: 1 times
  @borbitz: 1 times
chrisrules_09 mentions:
  @ChristopherNic: 1 times
  @chrisrules09: 1 times
  @juxjeff: 1 times
  @FashionLIFE: 1 times
vt_intuitive mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @SarahEllisBlog: 1 times
  @VtIntuitive: 1 times
  @CraigKausen: 1 times
  @AcaciaFitness: 1 times
  @kitchenmonki: 1 times
  @keri: 1 times
oh_online mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @ophomefrontTX: 1 times
  @ophomefrontga: 1 times
  @ohsocal: 1 times
  @OHonline: 1 times
  @ohnc: 1 times
  @homefrontwisco: 1 times
  @ohkytn: 1 times
  @ophfohio: 1 times
thenonsenseblog mentions:
  @reneeporsia: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
jeffreyilusorio mentions:
  @Baclaran: 1 times
  @agentdelblaine: 1 times
  @jokoness: 1 times
  @CAI220: 1 times
  @dhcoyote: 1 times
  @tarayqueen: 1 times
  @ChrisCaluag: 1 times
  @ercg: 1 times
  @evieness: 1 times
ronydean mentions:
  @JoeDuenwald: 1 times
  @inmemoryofmj26: 1 times
  @UNEPandYou: 1 times
  @RonyDean: 1 times
  @RealAaronWalker: 1 times
  @starcraftwannab: 1 times
  @SMARTBuddhist: 1 times
  @Kie4218: 1 times
  @TimAndEric: 1 times
george_tr mentions:
  @teamwinnipeg: 2 times
  @woofette30: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @pattyfarmer: 1 times
  @MikeK6ICS: 1 times
  @starvingbroker: 1 times
  @puregoldfriends: 1 times
  @Newsage: 1 times
tweetupgirls mentions:
  @happninmil: 1 times
modlandusa mentions:
  @impasha: 1 times
  @LaNushka: 1 times
gerrysanchez mentions:
  @MarcyMartinez: 1 times
sharifitness mentions:
  @affiliatetips: 1 times
ecommerce mentions:
  @shawnafennell: 1 times
  @Econsultancy: 1 times
  @mattledford: 1 times
  @roxyyo: 1 times
fusedlogic mentions:
  @AceConcierge: 1 times
mitaliperkins mentions:
  @bookbday: 1 times
fdgonthier mentions:
  @granthimahara: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
gayproudnsexy mentions:
  @jakekny: 1 times
  @rowenaaine: 1 times
  @joshcoop: 1 times
  @Shutternick: 1 times
  @GAYTWOGETHER: 1 times
  @WhiteHeronMI: 1 times
  @DrJared: 1 times
  @GADataGuy: 1 times
  @waynemarkle: 1 times
  @RossStevens: 1 times
mudslidemama mentions:
  @bolora: 1 times
  @coffeecupnews: 1 times
  @winedog: 1 times
  @cynchrys: 1 times
  @morethanmommy: 1 times
  @typeamom: 1 times
  @mugglesam: 1 times
mlparadis mentions:
  @MetalMo: 1 times
  @danfreeman: 1 times
mommykennedy mentions:
  @ScaryMommy: 1 times
  @some1ssista: 1 times
  @snarkykisses: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @MommyKennedy: 1 times
  @PainterMommy: 1 times
  @Nightowlmama: 1 times
  @NTFFC: 1 times
5dollardinners mentions:
  @thedaysbetween: 1 times
  @courtneys: 1 times
  @5DollarDinners: 1 times
  @Frannydink: 1 times
julianh mentions:
  @nrubi: 1 times
  @woodleader: 1 times
  @hex2: 1 times
  @Guybrush: 1 times
  @Ceilyn: 1 times
  @penzonator: 1 times
  @theuer: 1 times
ptpipaige mentions:
  @LucyJune: 1 times
angel9293 mentions:
  @FabiRG: 1 times
  @miente: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @YWONNEisAWESOME: 1 times
  @x3airhead: 1 times
  @PurpleyBoo: 1 times
  @frostedfroslass: 1 times
  @aiadriano: 1 times
  @meCait: 1 times
pobenschain mentions:
  @stiiina: 1 times
tatianalovesaar mentions:
  @tysonritteraar: 1 times
  @mikeaar: 1 times
  @nickolaswheeler: 1 times
  @aarstreetteam: 1 times
  @rejectstv: 1 times
thedillylily mentions:
  @shakesp: 1 times
  @LeftBankJewelry: 1 times
  @weddingblogs: 1 times
  @VegasRockDog: 1 times
  @CaliFagan: 1 times
  @kittysingsuwan: 1 times
  @CRAVEchicago: 1 times
lost_wftb mentions:
bishoponair mentions:
  @wmayspringfield: 1 times
  @wqlz: 1 times
  @fbhw: 1 times
  @IllinoisC4L: 1 times
  @uisjournal: 1 times
  @infowarsstories: 1 times
  @C4Liberty: 1 times
  @illinoispolicy: 1 times
scoobycop mentions:
  @jhsands: 1 times
  @RachBker: 1 times
  @BeEtLjOoZ: 1 times
  @inspectorsarit: 1 times
  @Patriot223: 1 times
  @iPhil247: 1 times
  @TalkaboutBarack@stevesjc: 1 times
  @VITW912: 1 times
  @codeezra: 1 times
amandahesser mentions:
  @fffolly: 1 times
mweditor mentions:
  @gwegner: 1 times
doorkeeper mentions:
  @drewworsham: 1 times
cirian75 mentions:
  @Cletae: 1 times
  @cletae: 1 times
  @Omnidragon: 1 times
  @iTsuimonster: 1 times
  @Zetacon: 1 times
  @hsushoe: 1 times
  @Jkls: 1 times
  @n0tin: 1 times
  @azaaz: 1 times
  @r3dnax3la: 1 times
  @abcd91: 1 times
qfromctu mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
pensarc mentions:
  @lilyFitness: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @susanmlucy: 1 times
  @civlee: 2 times
  @megancoyle: 1 times
  @totalgym: 1 times
  @CEOTransformer: 1 times
cpete13 mentions:
  @USAHMagazine: 1 times
  @kausatoday: 1 times
  @DarrenDreger: 1 times
  @umassdilo: 1 times
  @LAKingsHockey: 1 times
  @wyshynski: 1 times
michelmcbride mentions:
  @bldgblog: 1 times
  @cjhyde: 1 times
barnam mentions:
  @bikerbar: 1 times
  @Seahorsemystic: 1 times
  @seanobrien: 1 times
  @duffmcduffee: 1 times
  @quantafire: 1 times
pyropoet mentions:
  @ElectricAngel: 1 times
  @bobbiejohnson: 1 times
  @FaerieForever: 1 times
  @denyreligion: 1 times
  @ElectricPlanet: 1 times
theresa_meyers mentions:
  @UnionSqPress: 1 times
  @laurieabkemeier: 1 times
fredwein mentions:
lordgu mentions:
  @EmApocalyptic: 1 times
racco mentions:
patrickodowd mentions:
  @asiansteev: 1 times
alefrata mentions:
  @corinthiana: 1 times
  @fvanzo: 1 times
  @diretordeletras: 1 times
  @r0cc0: 1 times
  @diaboloiro: 1 times
  @NeiFernandes: 1 times
  @oimperador: 1 times
  @carloshakme: 1 times
  @mariacarol: 1 times
mdiane_rogers mentions:
thedharmablues mentions:
  @Viccerella: 1 times
mogmaar mentions:
  @sojourner2: 1 times
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @gregadams: 1 times
  @badjournalism: 1 times
  @LATimestotcall: 1 times
yvesarai mentions:
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
tracyneedham mentions:
  @DeirdreReid: 1 times
  @dgtlpapercuts: 1 times
  @LisaSullivan: 1 times
  @waynesutton: 1 times
  @TracyNeedham: 1 times
saliana mentions:
  @kbklash: 1 times
  @Marvel: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
crazy_guitar mentions:
  @AlbertaMF: 1 times
raynettasmith mentions:
  @RaynettaSmith: 1 times
  @AerialEllis: 1 times
  @MPactMedia: 1 times
  @SoStylishJ: 1 times
  @thedjcrisis: 1 times
  @djjazzyT13: 1 times
  @fabglance1: 1 times
samdalsimer mentions:
  @katelollar: 1 times
  @samdalsimer: 1 times
  @andythegiant: 1 times
  @joeziemer: 1 times
libertymaven mentions:
  @dezine: 2 times
  @tlot: 1 times
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
rahnex mentions:
  @AndreasChoice: 1 times
  @BrittanysChoice: 1 times
  @ItsShellz: 1 times
  @Lolomani: 1 times
  @RahneX: 1 times
  @tiffanyJanay: 1 times
  @DakotaDoll: 1 times
matthew_walker mentions:
  @lizmarshall: 1 times
newsucnuse mentions:
smillena mentions:
  @Lassska: 1 times
  @olyapka: 1 times
givingcity mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
aliveinme mentions:
  @jeffabel: 1 times
  @JulieAbel: 1 times
  @danohlerking: 1 times
  @GoodFathersOnly: 1 times
  @DrKeith: 1 times
  @MarketerMikeE: 1 times
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
  @auntnty: 1 times
  @inworship: 1 times
  @inprogress: 1 times
thedailydish mentions:
  @RebeccaPang: 1 times
  @HawaiiInsider: 1 times
  @sonecessary: 1 times
  @fashionforum: 1 times
  @fashiontribe: 1 times
  @volcanicash: 1 times
  @nerdseyeview: 1 times
  @inthehale: 1 times
dkj63 mentions:
  @IamTam: 1 times
  @JoeFinder: 1 times
  @Jordancprice: 1 times
  @Marshall9093: 1 times
  @MsAusten: 1 times
  @Moonrat: 1 times
  @Stephenfry: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @WhimsicalD: 1 times
  @Wossy: 1 times
martin_twelve mentions:
  @leorodriguez: 1 times
  @nbocaranda: 1 times
ge_anderson mentions:
  @pdenlinger: 1 times
  @gregorylent: 1 times
alanpetersen mentions:
  @JamesFoster: 1 times
  @alanpetersen: 1 times
  @goldmills: 1 times
  @reedfloren: 1 times
  @lonnaylor: 1 times
charcityguideex mentions:
  @southernliving: 1 times
  @earthfare: 1 times
  @parentsmagazine: 1 times
brosbeshow mentions:
  @pizzahut: 1 times
  @kfccolonel: 1 times
stefanseeger mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
mrtech mentions:
  @mobinauten: 1 times
  @ZainShaikh: 1 times
  @gena01: 1 times
  @BruceWMiller: 1 times
comicstriplive mentions:
  @AlanLupiani: 1 times
  @comicstripliveyeeeahhhh: 1 times
raveslut mentions:
  @darkhairguy: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @thizgurl: 1 times
  @raveslut: 1 times
  @MarIaSinger: 1 times
  @ShazamSF: 1 times
petside mentions:
  @RawDogFood: 1 times
  @TurdsAndTreats: 1 times
  @ttouchtrainer: 1 times
  @BarkWorthyNews: 1 times
  @DoggieWalkers: 1 times
  @PetTimes: 1 times
  @PetEssentials: 1 times
derekpurdy mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
theelusivedj mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @vst4free: 1 times
  @raphaelmaiajr: 1 times
  @thomasraukamp: 1 times
  @PodCastRob: 1 times
  @vegaswholesale: 1 times
darrendeluca mentions:
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
explorehouston mentions:
  @SweetgrassMusic: 1 times
  @guitchick: 1 times
  @danireich: 1 times
  @JGrassman: 1 times
  @joshfullermusic: 1 times
  @elliotcole: 1 times
aevande mentions:
  @clickandwin: 2 times
dankeldsen mentions:
  @paulathrasher: 1 times
merv mentions:
  @decisionstats: 1 times
  @LanceUlanoff: 1 times
  @clivel98: 1 times
  @timbo2002: 1 times
  @RobPaller: 1 times
  @ghaff: 1 times
  @johnrrymer: 1 times
  @richardbarley: 1 times
  @mkrigsman: 1 times
  @ColinJWhite: 1 times
stephaniepitts mentions:
  @VegasPkrSource: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
azmyoskeletal mentions:
  @runnersworld: 1 times
morgana2008 mentions:
  @lupicinho: 1 times
brianjbaynes mentions:
  @PerezHilton: 1 times
  @The: 1 times
  @KimKardashian: 1 times
  @NinSkin: 1 times
  @TrumpRecruiter: 1 times
  @AcaiMagicfollowing: 1 times
meglizmiller mentions:
  @mscproductions: 1 times
  @samversionone: 1 times
  @meglizmiller: 1 times
nationalcitybnk mentions:
  @conflagratio: 1 times
  @marcuszacco: 1 times
  @lketkar: 1 times
  @MrTweetAlert: 1 times
  @taylormatthews: 1 times
  @schmittit: 1 times
jmarx mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
successstudent mentions:
  @kbonded: 1 times
  @LadyMinista: 1 times
  @Sapper66: 1 times
  @GRNwithHector: 1 times
  @BahamaMama1: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
kenwicklein mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
supahstah05 mentions:
  @RCAMusic: 1 times
  @CHRISdaughtry: 1 times
tbusbey mentions:
  @tbusbey: 1 times
  @AddisonsCompass: 1 times
uppercervical mentions:
  @BJPalmer: 1 times
  @DrAutumn: 1 times
  @UCgolfDoc: 1 times
  @HIODC: 1 times
  @Nucca: 1 times
  @DrYogi: 1 times
  @DocSwoo: 1 times
  @DrPaige: 1 times
  @laurenclumDC: 1 times
  @atlasdoc: 1 times
  @atlasdoc2: 1 times
rodkirby mentions:
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
shallomj mentions:
  @lisisilveira: 1 times
  @xencinas: 1 times
biddymcbidson mentions:
  @mooshinindy: 1 times
  @caseymitchell: 1 times
  @mpsecondjournal: 1 times
donnalhull mentions:
  @travelinggal: 1 times
  @AuthenticCoast: 1 times
  @nerdseyeview: 1 times
  @gowithapurpose: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @MudslideMama: 1 times
  @SheilaS: 1 times
astonlin mentions:
  @stinson: 1 times
  @macinearla: 1 times
  @lonniehodge: 1 times
  @AstonLin: 1 times
  @beeeebzy: 1 times
  @FionaS: 1 times
  @WildPixels: 1 times
  @Wanpeirui: 1 times
  @raykwong: 1 times
  @chrisleung: 1 times
fnordine mentions:
  @lalomartins: 1 times
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
defcon0n3 mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
myaphrodite mentions:
  @siansburys: 1 times
  @mollbird: 1 times
  @myaphrodite: 1 times
  @KMCdesigns: 1 times
  @flurogoddess: 1 times
  @ABIBAN: 1 times
  @hippyofdoom: 1 times
leicafanboy mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
titania1108 mentions:
  @BrentSpinerFollowfriday: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspiner: 1 times
marceloss mentions:
  @skattrbrain: 1 times
  @joetellus: 1 times
  @renao: 1 times
  @obeto: 1 times
  @leofracassi: 1 times
  @tecoapple: 1 times
jorgearaujo mentions:
  @deputadamanuela: 1 times
  @BetoAlbuquerque: 1 times
karkey69 mentions:
  @simplowdfan: 1 times
  @JessicaSimpson: 1 times
  @ashsimpsonwentz: 1 times
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @TineSimpson: 1 times
  @PapaJoeSimpson: 1 times
  @Sassilee07: 1 times
  @ErinAlexander: 1 times
  @nic: 1 times
olivosartstudio mentions:
  @insaneartgurl: 1 times
  @olivosartstudio: 1 times
tristan_g mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
fortitude1913 mentions:
  @vicarsyf: 1 times
  @badst8139: 1 times
  @aprilholmes: 1 times
  @edworksacademy: 1 times
  @deltasoror8: 1 times
  @deltavogue: 1 times
  @vashtimckenzie: 1 times
colinplumb mentions:
  @fakejenson: 1 times
mnconcierge mentions:
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @murnahan: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
yashka mentions:
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @elizrn: 1 times
  @jamesleonsk: 1 times
otoole4info mentions:
  @madly59: 1 times
  @RNpathways: 1 times
  @mdpathways: 1 times
  @IUSNursing: 1 times
  @Inhouseassist: 1 times
  @luvenrn: 1 times
  @otoole4info: 1 times
  @iowahospital: 1 times
  @daytonchi: 1 times
webtalent mentions:
  @jeremydumont: 1 times
puppycam mentions:
  @puppycam: 1 times
  @tankboy: 1 times
stanitarium mentions:
  @TPIRhost: 1 times
  @DrewFromTV: 1 times
itcn mentions:
  @cyandle: 1 times
nanoni127 mentions:
  @PhilBaumann: 1 times
  @HealthSocMed: 1 times
wowser mentions:
  @asiandon: 1 times
  @DowningStreets: 1 times
  @BISgovuk: 1 times
troyboyd mentions:
  @BillRomerThese: 1 times
  @redsweb: 1 times
  @pambrechlin: 1 times
  @AskChrisJensen: 1 times
  @pastorjoeb: 1 times
solsupernova mentions:
  @migueloz: 1 times
  @manchita: 1 times
  @KIMIRY: 1 times
  @laojitos: 1 times
  @DcJomi: 1 times
  @einzunza: 1 times
  @lafocalu: 1 times
  @Diveke: 1 times
lauracorbieres mentions:
  @djsteeley: 1 times
  @dungeekin: 1 times
  @Stupidpebble: 1 times
  @SimonBishop: 1 times
  @torybear: 1 times
  @willtompsett: 1 times
spectraversa mentions:
  @Peripheria: 1 times
ukejamz mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @UkeJamz: 1 times
jukemfootball mentions:
  @HowieCohen: 1 times
kumiau mentions:
  @adriaanalsema: 1 times
  @ladelmostacho: 1 times
  @DonJuanelo: 1 times
gretapeters mentions:
  @HyattKeyWest: 1 times
writethevision mentions:
  @RodKirby: 1 times
  @DvineExpression: 1 times
coachchristy mentions:
  @wendyblum: 1 times
  @reikiawakening: 1 times
leumund mentions:
  @matwiemann: 1 times
  @ChristophBauer: 1 times
  @successnetag: 1 times
  @projektlotse: 1 times
  @klauseck: 1 times
  @8mt: 1 times
  @ateliertoepfer: 1 times
kristeenynicole mentions:
  @atetal: 1 times
kupkovski mentions:
  @guilhermebriggs: 1 times
  @marlonndb: 1 times
  @Renatacvp: 1 times
  @Schwarzenegger: 1 times
  @podrir: 1 times
daantje_nl mentions:
  @oegaboega: 1 times
sanjukta mentions:
  @StrikeMeGyllen: 1 times
  @nitinkarani: 1 times
  @gayindia: 1 times
danfreeman mentions:
  @MetalMo: 1 times
husnaaluvzag mentions:
  @Lennuhvfc: 1 times
  @f3nnersofr3sh: 1 times
  @clrzqstn: 1 times
ntffc mentions:
  @GreenMamasPad: 1 times
  @theohanamama: 1 times
  @themombuzz: 1 times
  @leechrista: 1 times
  @themamasphere: 1 times
  @4babyandmom: 1 times
  @grabbagreviews: 1 times
tiarrasw mentions:
  @blackcatloner: 1 times
  @buckhollywood: 1 times
  @saraparker: 1 times
  @angryaussie: 1 times
  @smpfilms: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @t: 1 times
lifelinereader mentions:
  @InHisName: 1 times
  @LifelineReader: 1 times
  @gr0326: 1 times
  @LadyDivine7: 1 times
  @earlylight333: 1 times
  @mstausha: 1 times
  @ScroogeReport: 1 times
  @katjrobertson: 1 times
  @kirkfamily: 1 times
vegasreal8tor mentions:
  @bmaldonado: 1 times
  @vegasreal8tor: 1 times
  @thelocaltourist: 1 times
frothie51 mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
saucewear mentions:
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @retroplustees: 1 times
skylordric mentions:
  @PalinGirl: 1 times
  @skylordric: 1 times
telma_m mentions:
  @funnyjoker: 9 times
thehollyjones mentions:
  @TheAnnieG: 1 times
  @TheBillyJones: 1 times
  @JohnFinn: 1 times
  @JHiteKHQep: 1 times
  @Uriahfaber: 1 times
  @danieltosh: 1 times
lisabarone mentions:
  @waynes: 1 times
  @LDMac: 1 times
  @sugarrae: 1 times
  @LisaBarone: 1 times
  @TheRealpmac: 1 times
  @smacfiltered: 1 times
  @streko: 1 times
  @TheMadHat: 1 times
fernwise mentions:
  @tofumidget: 1 times
dyvatude mentions:
  @LALanguage: 2 times
  @itskaseywithak: 1 times
  @lalanguage: 1 times
  @KeeshaJoyce: 1 times
  @DyvaTude: 1 times
  @angiebooker: 1 times
  @DaGentleman: 1 times
  @JusBlay: 1 times
dmentis mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
ktothela mentions:
  @GavinNewsom: 1 times
oifm mentions:
  @mundooi: 1 times
  @oifm: 1 times
  @oinovosom: 1 times
  @OiFuturoRio: 1 times
  @OiAcontece: 1 times
  @liberdadetotal: 1 times
  @NovosBrasis: 1 times
jdstein1 mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
smallbizcpa mentions:
  @thetaxxman: 1 times
  @SmallBizCPA: 1 times
ilanbr mentions:
  @digitalforge: 1 times
  @mickrhm: 1 times
  @IlanBr: 1 times
  @PicSeshu: 1 times
jackventures mentions:
  @lifecruiser: 1 times
  @GotPassport: 1 times
alalazoo mentions:
  @QueenRobina: 1 times
  @tekhelet: 1 times
  @Akusia: 1 times
  @creepingsharia: 1 times
  @SteveSchippert: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
  @Occidentaljihad: 1 times
cowflopnh mentions:
  @turtlelady81: 1 times
  @Purrfectplay: 1 times
sarah2175 mentions:
  @neotweetups: 1 times
dkolke mentions:
  @kirklmiller: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @DeanPerrone: 1 times
  @BillHurlbut: 1 times
  @ReikiTweets: 1 times
  @AlFurlong: 1 times
  @KellyONeil: 1 times
  @bobthordarson: 1 times
racheljuraski mentions:
  @cardoso: 1 times
  @ianblack: 1 times
  @trasel: 1 times
  @anafreitas: 1 times
ecoblips mentions:
downatheel mentions:
  @msilveruk: 1 times
  @adlandsuit: 1 times
eveblossom mentions:
  @arkinet: 1 times
  @elaineishere: 1 times
  @freshunlimited: 1 times
  @guildcraftrugs: 1 times
  @archforhumanity: 1 times
  @billshore: 1 times
anjeebaby mentions:
themakeupgirl mentions:
  @nadinejolie: 1 times
  @beautyaddict: 1 times
  @jetsetgirls: 1 times
  @ElkeVonF: 1 times
  @paulbaranda: 1 times
  @bbbtweets: 1 times
  @victoriastiles: 1 times
bonesbrigaderec mentions:
  @metalgasm: 1 times
  @MetalRocks: 1 times
  @izo: 1 times
  @metalunaprods: 1 times
  @kaotoxin: 1 times
  @supsupuration: 1 times
marani_l mentions:
jacobshare mentions:
  @juliaerickson: 1 times
  @andywergedal: 1 times
  @RichmondJobNet: 1 times
  @Bricklv: 1 times
  @israfran: 1 times
heartmychloe mentions:
  @tweek47: 1 times
mjones04 mentions:
  @MercerYou: 1 times
todompol07 mentions:
iamararebird mentions:
  @CruelSecretary: 1 times
  @jisliteskinded: 1 times
trubiliti mentions:
  @EasyStand: 1 times
  @dougcraver: 1 times
  @erinrbreedlove: 1 times
  @Trubiliti: 1 times
  @sandrakum: 1 times
  @shash: 1 times
phillyberg mentions:
  @mollytics: 1 times
  @nerdette: 1 times
  @cacowan: 1 times
  @districtofaris: 1 times
  @tracysherman: 1 times
  @mattortega: 1 times
  @lrothschild: 1 times
upbeatnow mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @JoshHinds: 1 times
mdengler mentions:
  @sugarlabs: 1 times
mytho mentions:
einzunza mentions:
  @solsupernova: 1 times
giftuseeme mentions:
  @latricenichelle: 1 times
  @jucory: 1 times
  @FatsCatone: 1 times
  @502MS: 1 times
  @GIFTUSEEME: 1 times
  @Jamestown502: 1 times
  @Omargunz: 1 times
  @SassyKisses: 1 times
  @TMWatkinzEnt: 1 times
elonjames mentions:
  @baratunde: 1 times
  @SaraJBenincasa: 1 times
  @jsmooth995: 1 times
timlammersfilms mentions:
kasemsuleiman mentions:
  @TimbrePitch: 2 times
  @PaulSchwend: 1 times
  @EranEyal: 1 times
  @KasemSuleiman: 1 times
  @ReneeKY: 1 times
  @Jeano: 1 times
  @RedPorscheKilla: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
boicfun mentions:
  @VivChan: 1 times
  @komenforthecure: 1 times
  @the208: 1 times
  @boicghost: 1 times
  @StrvingBloggist: 1 times
  @htweet: 1 times
  @Zipsta: 1 times
omnesion mentions:
montydaviskc mentions:
  @pphillip: 1 times
  @cronkb: 1 times
  @StanFinger: 1 times
  @NBCActionNews: 1 times
  @christadubill: 1 times
  @mariacarter: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @LindsayShively: 1 times
  @travisheying: 1 times
  @kancrusier: 1 times
brettyrocks mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
sgilden79 mentions:
  @LaMaite: 1 times
  @rbbpr: 1 times
  @cmbarney: 1 times
shareamonyc mentions:
  @SendmeAnAngel: 1 times
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @ShareaMonyc: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Bahamabob: 1 times
  @JabuBags: 1 times
  @webdesigniinc: 1 times
  @SeanWan: 1 times
tiagonepomuceno mentions:
  @kakah: 1 times
  @garciasales: 1 times
bkbdby mentions:
  @HDNetFights: 2 times
scrapbookjane mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinnerYou: 1 times
alrdesign mentions:
  @schutzsmith: 1 times
  @rdqluscreative: 1 times
  @LogoMotives: 1 times
  @jeniherberger: 1 times
  @NewfangledMark: 1 times
  @jaynelson: 1 times
  @Lesafumi: 1 times
theecullen mentions:
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @RainS: 1 times
  @SpankRansom: 1 times
  @SpidrMonkey: 1 times
crystalbaylodge mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @celebritymound: 1 times
  @stevethegoose: 1 times
  @myenergyfriends: 1 times
  @StarStruk: 1 times
  @frankannie: 1 times
  @crystalbaylodge: 1 times
robotswanna mentions:
  @Funkysaurus: 1 times
  @thespillcanvas: 1 times
  @steeltrain: 1 times
  @CoconutRcrds: 1 times
  @thebridgesmusic: 1 times
  @LocksleyMusic: 1 times
kokoe2 mentions:
  @kanter: 1 times
  @valdiskrebs: 1 times
mmamafianet mentions:
tuscanyi mentions:
  @TheDataDoc: 1 times
  @nprpolitics: 1 times
  @DowningStreet: 1 times
  @KTAR923: 1 times
  @NatalieMacLean: 1 times
  @hellovino: 1 times
limey59 mentions:
  @zwriter: 1 times
  @DrBobsEmporium: 1 times
  @ourracingdream: 1 times
  @marcellehi: 1 times
  @BamaTweetBird: 1 times
  @missirish9: 1 times
  @ashglasgow: 1 times
  @Whit176: 1 times
  @AZSpudKing: 1 times
mrtennis mentions:
  @TennisReview: 1 times
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @maryn: 1 times
  @KJRF: 1 times
_freya mentions:
  @fateofallkinds: 1 times
  @myria101: 1 times
  @Mkenn076: 1 times
  @BeUrLover2: 1 times
  @Aramisette: 1 times
  @BrookeLockart: 1 times
  @StageManageThis: 1 times
  @VIckyBonnett: 1 times
  @Janetrigs: 1 times
  @Gen22: 1 times
threefourteen mentions:
  @rkitect: 2 times
  @threefourteen: 1 times
mymothersgarden mentions:
  @avlorsimprintsFollowFriday: 1 times
  @NittyKnits: 1 times
  @UberArt: 1 times
  @AshleyPahl: 1 times
  @kristend12: 1 times
  @docky: 1 times
jeankowalski mentions:
bellavidaletty mentions:
  @siempremujer: 1 times
  @HispanicMag: 1 times
  @Vistamag: 1 times
  @Latinofuture: 1 times
  @ellecom: 1 times
  @Variety: 1 times
  @RollingStone: 1 times
  @peopleenespanol: 1 times
  @LaTeen: 1 times
thereaderomaha mentions:
  @intoxicologist: 1 times
  @wtownley: 1 times
  @omahazoo: 1 times
  @siliconprairie: 1 times
  @aeikenberry: 1 times
hellogreenman mentions:
  @WashedInBlood: 1 times
  @melbrehl: 1 times
  @caramihaliak: 1 times
  @willowtreeling: 1 times
  @WankerGirl: 1 times
dakota_schmidt mentions:
  @MLB: 1 times
  @Since1908: 1 times
  @injuryexpert: 1 times
  @RyanGrant25: 1 times
  @KevinDurant35: 1 times
  @kevinlove: 1 times
  @MLBHomePlate: 1 times
  @OGOchoCinco: 1 times
  @JoeBendiez: 1 times
  @NickBarnett: 1 times
tacho97 mentions:
  @paquitacabeza: 1 times
  @inviernofunk: 1 times
  @figaredo: 1 times
brendachrist mentions:
  @thelasocialclub: 1 times
elefi mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
asimkovsky mentions:
  @fusionmobile: 1 times
  @cinnamonflower: 1 times
  @asimkovsky: 1 times
firstmarketbank mentions:
  @RoanokeRegion: 1 times
mushimushi mentions:
  @eduardohauser: 1 times
  @dailymeeditor: 1 times
  @gesteves: 1 times
  @jbo: 1 times
  @AnnCurry: 1 times
  @elproximojuego: 1 times
  @cgranier: 1 times
  @crackberrista: 1 times
  @ganarce: 1 times
dineb mentions:
  @BastiCore: 1 times
  @mongomeister: 1 times
chatterboxcgc mentions:
  @writingroads: 1 times
tvexaminer mentions:
  @tommytrc: 1 times
carrieannbaade mentions:
  @chetzar: 1 times
  @sleepwaiting: 1 times
  @Creepyliz: 1 times
  @CarrieAnnBaade: 1 times
  @claudidrake: 1 times
  @nathanspoor: 1 times
  @colinchristian: 1 times
  @thecreep: 1 times
  @vermar: 1 times
  @zombienose: 1 times
judityabji mentions:
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong4: 1 times
  @MsKweenie: 1 times
  @BCLobbyist: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
kv305 mentions:
  @DJRADIANCE: 1 times
  @kashiro: 1 times
  @djdabblin: 1 times
  @jossyd: 1 times
  @therealmrmoore: 1 times
  @maverick907: 1 times
  @KV305: 1 times
  @TAMTAM256: 1 times
  @perfecttenent: 1 times
  @djefsclusive: 1 times
  @: 1 times
sssemester mentions:
  @4thfrog: 1 times
  @charlesfmiller: 1 times
  @sssemester: 1 times
  @gabisworld: 1 times
jfernandez mentions:
  @fanhouse: 1 times
  @dealbreaker: 1 times
  @intralinks: 1 times
  @ChelseaPiersNYC: 1 times
  @ppapoker: 1 times
  @mlb: 1 times
enaspeaks mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
falonsade mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
kmazzi mentions:
  @AprilTara: 1 times
  @ChelseaMoser: 1 times
  @KMazzi: 1 times
  @JerseyMomma: 1 times
  @MichelleFoster: 1 times
  @tamlynh: 1 times
apriltara mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @dannybrown: 1 times
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
  @mickeygomez: 1 times
masmom mentions:
  @meatballhead: 1 times
  @DomesticChicky: 1 times
  @masmom: 1 times
  @mommywantsvodka: 1 times
  @PrincessJenn: 1 times
aaswartz mentions:
  @prgully: 1 times
  @chasmiller: 1 times
  @johngerzema: 1 times
  @greenbirdmedia: 1 times
  @aaswartz: 1 times
  @mlackey: 1 times
  @mortgagereport: 1 times
  @baghdadbrian: 1 times
  @alyssamilano: 1 times
sparklemedia mentions:
  @thunderchunkyuk: 1 times
  @WyldStallyons: 1 times
  @McFaulStudio: 1 times
  @sparklemedia: 1 times
  @rawdesignstudio: 1 times
katiemdesigns mentions:
  @Mnmissy: 1 times
  @kaijuisme: 1 times
  @LavaLampLV: 1 times
  @LBCIslande: 1 times
jamespmacdonald mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
buygreen mentions:
  @ecosphericblog: 1 times
  @GreenSmith: 1 times
jcoopz3 mentions:
  @LATimes: 1 times
  @nprnews: 1 times
  @bbcbreaking: 1 times
  @cnnbrk: 1 times
  @TIME: 1 times
  @THR: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @nytimes: 1 times
  @cbsnews: 1 times
  @Newsweek: 1 times
shellster129 mentions:
  @CTABusDriver: 1 times
cornforthimages mentions:
  @echeng: 1 times
  @PhilColla: 1 times
  @Niebrugge: 1 times
  @jeremywoodhouse: 1 times
  @emilherrera: 1 times
mdrisser mentions:
43kixsaltlake mentions:
  @43kixNYC: 1 times
  @43kixPDX: 1 times
  @43kixSanDiego: 1 times
  @43kixSanFrancisco: 1 times
  @43kixSeattle: 1 times
  @43kixMilwaukee: 1 times
  @43kixMNPLS: 1 times
christocentric mentions:
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
smithant mentions:
  @massimo9: 1 times
fabuloussavings mentions:
  @resilientheart: 1 times
georgedearing mentions:
  @LocalHarvestorg: 1 times
momcentral mentions:
  @ohMariana: 1 times
  @MomCentral: 1 times
  @AdrienneLB: 1 times
  @ChrissyStoddard: 1 times
  @LaurenSleeper: 1 times
  @aeparker: 1 times
  @Ashleytt7: 1 times
  @erica7227: 1 times
motherofalltrip mentions:
  @LunaticAtLarge: 1 times
adamcohen mentions:
  @DougWick: 1 times
  @seancor: 1 times
  @forrester: 1 times
fusionmobile mentions:
  @gopalo: 1 times
  @fusionmobile: 1 times
  @DrMoto34: 1 times
  @denisejacobs: 1 times
  @mrichman: 1 times
  @JQAllen: 1 times
  @mkhall: 1 times
  @realestatemiami: 1 times
  @miamishines: 1 times
  @lauraigomez: 1 times
dwapproductions mentions:
marialuvsmusic mentions:
  @CHRISdaughtry: 1 times
joelgombin mentions:
  @imnotalone: 2 times
  @vieilfrance: 1 times
  @MarionSarah: 1 times
carrie_vaughan mentions:
  @mponte: 1 times
  @donshep: 1 times
  @ahier: 1 times
  @johnchilmark: 1 times
  @dirkstanley: 1 times
originaldiva24 mentions:
  @kingspydacsk: 1 times
healthmadeeasy mentions:
  @healthmadeeasy: 1 times
baristanomics mentions:
  @BRCmagazine: 1 times
  @amwhisnant: 1 times
  @Arrowmont: 1 times
  @AvlArtsCenter: 1 times
antoniovm mentions:
  @uhprensagrafica: 1 times
  @AntonioVM: 1 times
  @LuChOeDu: 1 times
terencio_verde mentions:
  @CereBel: 1 times
japewisteria mentions:
  @KJjournalist: 1 times
meiriele mentions:
  @alainvalchera: 1 times
  @ahdanilo: 1 times
  @vrcca: 1 times
  @bypereira: 1 times
  @kakah: 1 times
  @katiajuliana: 1 times
my_recipes mentions:
  @SouthernLiving: 1 times
  @GoodHealth: 1 times
  @InStyledotcom: 1 times
  @CoastalLiving: 1 times
  @CookingLight: 1 times
  @MyHomeIdeas: 1 times
  @AllYou: 1 times
safeccc mentions:
  @VivaAerobus: 1 times
successmastery mentions:
  @TravisGreenlee: 1 times
  @UrsulaKauth: 1 times
  @denisewakeman: 1 times
  @loubortone: 1 times
  @ShermanHu: 1 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @BullsEyeLeader: 1 times
  @TinaCook: 1 times
johnsondrummer mentions:
  @DA712: 1 times
  @crystalacious: 1 times
  @bradmantv: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
  @da712: 1 times
  @aliAdler: 1 times
  @melissaegilbert: 1 times
  @smf46fan: 1 times
tommytrc mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
ofdphoto mentions:
  @jasminestar: 1 times
  @MaddieNat: 1 times
  @justcreative: 1 times
  @jentally: 1 times
  @mediahunter: 1 times
  @curtoneil: 1 times
  @TriCoast: 1 times
  @kennysmith: 1 times
  @Kerryn79: 1 times
  @newmanofaction: 1 times
airamericamedia mentions:
  @nerdette: 1 times
  @randomdeanna: 1 times
  @acarvin: 1 times
  @jack: 1 times
  @jasonbarnett: 1 times
  @whytuesday: 1 times
  @arimelber: 1 times
  @joseiswriting: 1 times
  @ocin: 1 times
dvcbyresale mentions:
  @RickHoward: 1 times
  @NDM1: 1 times
  @cherylp3: 1 times
  @MisterDisney: 1 times
  @OwnersLocker: 1 times
mrsleftybrown mentions:
  @GeminiAce: 1 times
  @ChrisHangsleben: 1 times
  @KarmaKaze7: 1 times
  @DanielDanger@: 1 times
  @JVB: 1 times
  @leftybrown: 1 times
  @lila82: 1 times
  @bakedant: 1 times
  @RykerXL: 1 times
  @indyscooby: 1 times
liltude mentions:
  @uberdragon: 1 times
  @dj6ual: 1 times
boilerfootball mentions:
  @PurdueSports: 1 times
  @PurdueMensHoops: 1 times
  @CoachPainter: 1 times
  @BoilerFootball: 1 times
  @CoachHope: 1 times
  @PurdueWhoops: 1 times
jtalel mentions:
  @TIENENHUEVO: 1 times
  @turint: 1 times
  @ladyjesus: 1 times
  @xamiecolombia: 1 times
  @missnacha: 1 times
andreos mentions:
  @HumorEsexo: 1 times
chifoodplanet mentions:
ivooka12 mentions:
  @ihategoingtotheeyedoctor: 1 times
  @avgc: 1 times
  @theellenshow: 1 times
vanashke001 mentions:
  @ringorangtrivia: 1 times
  @tyleroakley: 1 times
  @grey2k: 1 times
  @newbug16: 1 times
  @britztwit: 1 times
  @theonion: 1 times
timrozek mentions:
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @grantimahara: 1 times
yanceyarrington mentions:
  @costigaj: 1 times
bmsterling mentions:
  @joemccann: 1 times
  @getify: 1 times
cubesandcrayons mentions:
  @svmomsgroup: 1 times
  @chicagonista: 1 times
  @citybabymom: 1 times
  @coolphotoideas: 1 times
  @corporatemommy: 1 times
  @CrunchyCarpets: 1 times
  @daysgoby: 1 times
alliefoell mentions:
  @alliefoell: 1 times
jambutter mentions:
  @CookingUpAStory: 1 times
  @NaomiStarkman: 1 times
thememorycafe mentions:
  @therikrakshop: 1 times
  @ScrappinStuff: 1 times
  @Etsy: 1 times
  @modmomME: 1 times
sojourner2 mentions:
  @glennbeck: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @gregadams: 1 times
  @badjournalism: 1 times
  @LATimestot: 1 times
florbraz mentions:
  @guizorato: 1 times
  @erro: 1 times
  @andrerival: 1 times
  @finkenauer: 1 times
  @lekabel: 1 times
  @garu13: 1 times
  @wbarreto: 1 times
  @rafael: 1 times
franktastic4 mentions:
  @marcmac82: 1 times
  @markuznyc: 1 times
  @tomgerace: 1 times
  @AndyTowle: 1 times
  @timfee: 1 times
  @nicomuhly: 1 times
  @SCIZZORWIZARD: 1 times
  @boybriefs: 1 times
  @HollaAtK: 1 times
  @mfkilloren: 1 times
  @DJJoeG: 1 times
alexiatsotsis mentions:
  @latimesnystrom: 1 times
  @tmzonline: 1 times
  @HarveyLevinTMZ: 1 times
  @etnow: 1 times
  @seanpercival: 1 times
bluem mentions:
  @fabienne: 1 times
  @derekfred: 1 times
  @davidneagle: 1 times
  @erintm: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @mariagamb: 1 times
  @lesleybohm: 1 times
  @dorcyrussell: 1 times
dividepictures mentions:
  @dino101: 1 times
  @teeveegal: 1 times
  @cameronjohnson: 1 times
sewisyourface mentions:
  @lesliedoughty: 1 times
  @FabricJunkie: 1 times
  @PeskyCatDesigns: 1 times
  @Strongrrl: 1 times
  @yummygoods: 1 times
  @bebeandalice: 1 times
  @sewisyourface: 1 times
8chocolate mentions:
  @NASFT: 1 times
  @AmellaCaramel: 1 times
  @ricklevine: 1 times
  @ChuaoChocoholic: 1 times
  @DagobaChocolate: 1 times
  @divinechocolate: 1 times
jodylo mentions:
  @Larryferlazzo: 1 times
  @NikPeachey: 1 times
  @pdonaghy: 1 times
  @BCHKTeacher: 1 times
  @hollydilatush: 1 times
  @barbsaka: 1 times
  @dianadell: 1 times
stevemistler mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @stevemistler: 1 times
  @NewsHounds: 1 times
  @csjd: 1 times
  @mmmSarah: 1 times
  @zheisey: 1 times
  @JillKerkhoff: 1 times
  @TMV: 1 times
  @ChristineVee: 1 times
pjsphotography mentions:
  @mscornwall: 1 times
tezzer57 mentions:
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @suziperry: 1 times
  @Pink: 1 times
  @tonyblackburn: 1 times
  @KevinSpacey: 1 times
livingwithadd mentions:
  @addmanagement: 1 times
  @rorystern: 1 times
nonabloch mentions:
  @thepioneerwoman: 1 times
  @osufoundation: 1 times
  @therotund: 1 times
  @jsmooth995: 1 times
  @temptalia: 1 times
  @alllacqueredup: 1 times
  @typros: 1 times
sosauce mentions:
  @SeanPfitz: 1 times
  @howardctsao: 1 times
  @slyseekr: 1 times
  @MuseGames: 1 times
  @aliss77777: 1 times
  @das2191: 1 times
efficiencycoach mentions:
  @ToniHunter: 1 times
juergenreiter mentions:
  @gruban: 1 times
  @Zehra851: 1 times
  @kapinski: 1 times
  @sdsucht: 1 times
  @frauviola: 1 times
votolatino mentions:
  @lnihlen: 1 times
  @lopezd911: 1 times
  @HernandezTony: 1 times
  @omarilu: 1 times
  @carmenmg5: 1 times
  @Imagine2050: 1 times
  @: 1 times
plannerwire mentions:
  @GregRuby: 1 times
  @GreenAV: 1 times
adsmithnra mentions:
  @njtax: 1 times
  @SaveJersey: 1 times
maliashutup mentions:
  @justmaj: 1 times
  @EsEPeeUNoMee: 1 times
  @maliaSHUTup: 1 times
  @Ambriahisrad: 1 times
  @lexissampson: 1 times
  @MsBreannaBaker: 1 times
  @JaiLion: 1 times
  @JamilaImani: 1 times
  @rarebre3d: 1 times
tanicarolina mentions:
  @caparinelle: 1 times
  @officialjw: 1 times
  @sydsastar89: 1 times
  @piscesmami: 1 times
  @jasara: 1 times
  @TRAKGIRL: 1 times
  @carmenaB: 1 times
  @hitekfame: 1 times
bethanyyy28 mentions:
  @teambethandlucy: 1 times
julieabel mentions:
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @iwestminster: 1 times
  @beulahgg: 1 times
  @vickifraser: 1 times
  @gailhyatt: 1 times
  @PFMinistries: 1 times
washingtoncotn mentions:
  @sstraylor: 1 times
  @WashingtonCoTn: 1 times
gregbarrette mentions:
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @MaggieF: 1 times
  @willyf: 1 times
  @shawnaarmstrong: 1 times
wolfpack40 mentions:
  @KathyBfromAC: 1 times
  @BraveKidsVoices: 1 times
  @TeenVoices: 1 times
stlcajun mentions:
p_compassion mentions:
  @kiwiingenuity: 1 times
  @YouthMesh: 1 times
  @TEARFundNZ: 1 times
  @simintl: 1 times
  @NationsBeGlad: 1 times
  @MissionsLaunch: 1 times
  @tranzsend: 1 times
  @OMFUK: 1 times
macnchuk mentions:
  @VPmediainc: 1 times
  @5speedstudio: 1 times
  @photon43: 1 times
  @cybertarytracy: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @deanholmes: 1 times
  @angelcapital: 1 times
  @michaelbristol: 1 times
  @markharrison: 1 times
mstoshay mentions:
  @ladybee2009: 1 times
  @PastorRobert: 1 times
  @MsToshay: 1 times
  @nicoleharrison: 1 times
  @PlusSizeMommy: 1 times
  @stacyharp: 1 times
  @ServingStrong: 1 times
  @memoriesalive: 1 times
sjflynn mentions:
  @nicksummy: 1 times
  @dillyeo: 1 times
  @dooryma: 1 times
  @rpulvino: 1 times
  @jdlloyd: 1 times
  @laermer: 1 times
  @briansolis: 1 times
  @kungfooguru: 1 times
  @diginux: 1 times
eadvocate mentions:
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @dronsayro: 1 times
  @jesseluna: 1 times
  @thedrich: 1 times
  @celledoor: 1 times
  @davidhoang: 1 times
bloggingchick mentions:
  @pricetom: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @neilhimself: 1 times
  @OKBJGM: 1 times
deerhurstresort mentions:
  @BusterRhinosBBQ: 1 times
  @arjunbasu: 1 times
  @acriley: 1 times
  @juliebateman: 1 times
  @KimVallee: 1 times
stratesql mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
imtheq mentions:
  @funkylovin: 1 times
  @mojowriting: 1 times
  @tribalmeg: 1 times
  @3littlemonsters: 1 times
  @mugglemama: 1 times
  @ImTheQ: 1 times
  @braideddiva: 1 times
jocundity mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
doni_am_i mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
ljsbaby mentions:
  @N3ph4limsbabe: 1 times
shanshankiss mentions:
  @shyguyshawn: 1 times
  @mogulmikejakson: 1 times
  @MicJackson: 1 times
  @ViralLeadGen: 1 times
  @mi: 1 times
beccasetz mentions:
  @RevAaron: 1 times
kenc2005 mentions:
  @JNez: 1 times
  @BklynWriter: 1 times
  @childsplayx2: 1 times
  @MoFresha: 2 times
  @redspyda01: 1 times
  @Sony12Play: 1 times
  @kenc2005: 1 times
  @DarnellWright: 1 times
  @dearmisterman: 1 times
shazzertweet mentions:
  @00Yellow00: 1 times
artamerica mentions:
  @dominikaksel: 1 times
  @photopamy: 1 times
  @caseyhallen: 1 times
  @maxicohen: 1 times
luxuryireland mentions:
  @holidaylookers: 1 times
myil1 mentions:
  @CharlieTheCoach: 1 times
skysports mentions:
  @BumbleCricket: 1 times
  @skymotoring: 1 times
  @peelthestain: 1 times
  @Oasisteria: 1 times
  @hullrlfc: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @BritishTennis: 1 times
  @davegorman: 1 times
makabra mentions:
  @diapaulic: 1 times
  @basantam: 1 times
  @jimmychung: 1 times
  @goingmyway: 1 times
  @MoriahNoelle: 1 times
  @thinkmoxie: 1 times
  @FJCreative: 1 times
  @favrethediva: 1 times
  @richeisen: 1 times
  @nflnetwork: 1 times
englishindie mentions:
  @InIsolation: 1 times
stanjourdan mentions:
saraherring mentions:
  @PerezHilton: 1 times
  @alexschulman: 1 times
coachdeb mentions:
  @Ines: 1 times
tweetmywedding mentions:
  @lvwedconcierge: 1 times
  @fashiontweets: 1 times
  @danibwed: 1 times
  @abcddesigns: 1 times
  @OneWed: 1 times
  @BrideTide: 1 times
  @TheManRegistry: 1 times
  @myweddingeditor: 1 times
writerpollock mentions:
  @HomeProject: 1 times
_topshelf mentions:
  @urbandecorsue: 1 times
glambert mentions:
  @jayshep: 1 times
  @lancegodard: 1 times
  @michellegolden: 1 times
  @SarahM: 1 times
  @glambert: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
  @ronaldbaker: 1 times
aniaart mentions:
  @CarlaRose: 1 times
  @GopherTruth: 1 times
  @OHGreeting: 1 times
  @mswithnofear: 1 times
cindisart mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @wearethecure: 1 times
  @KauaiMare: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @lisajohnson: 1 times
  @johnlusher: 1 times
i1982 mentions:
  @Gen22: 1 times
  @skywalker23@gabirapuano@ocalheiros@loganzito@srxtclay@brunoaoki@Mathioso: 1 times
running_duck mentions:
baddmom mentions:
  @BrandonHerrin: 1 times
  @StephenAtHome: 1 times
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @austinkleon: 1 times
splendiahotels mentions:
  @buycruises: 1 times
troad99 mentions:
  @miffmelon: 1 times
  @muffinsnbeer: 1 times
rylimorgan mentions:
  @dreamindemon: 1 times
leahcreates mentions:
  @twizzes: 1 times
allisonroesberr mentions:
  @RatedGRomance: 1 times
beth_wilkinson mentions:
  @abailin: 1 times
joankw mentions:
  @mikehenrysr: 1 times
  @amilya: 1 times
  @joankw: 1 times
marcuslash mentions:
  @suzanavargas: 1 times
touroman mentions:
  @LeonardoBob: 1 times
  @SrSeuPanda: 1 times
  @NetoZeppelin: 1 times
  @quartosinistro: 1 times
  @jabourrio: 1 times
  @bebendo: 1 times
  @ldaredevil: 1 times
  @masquecoisa: 1 times
  @ivanmotoserra: 1 times
sadie_marie mentions:
  @SadieMarie: 1 times
  @heaatherrr: 1 times
  @cloeee: 1 times
  @garyrae: 1 times
  @frazzleyeah: 1 times
  @dani6661: 1 times
  @toootsies: 1 times
  @mikeflaws: 1 times
  @alexpardee: 1 times
blackinkflow mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @Blackinkflow: 1 times
  @bigdawg10: 1 times
  @beingswell: 1 times
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
azaas mentions:
  @OmniDragon: 1 times
  @Granit: 1 times
  @SerendipitySol: 1 times
  @dataloretv: 1 times
  @firebucket: 1 times
  @BigRedPimp: 1 times
  @Zetacon: 1 times
  @Bwana: 1 times
lalomartins mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
davedevereux mentions:
  @Harkaway: 1 times
  @camiknickers: 1 times
  @sennydreadful: 1 times
  @SuzanneMcLeod: 1 times
  @kirstymhall: 1 times
  @ShoeGal007: 1 times
  @HokusBloke: 1 times
  @theginfairy: 1 times
  @stephendeas: 1 times
jarvie mentions:
  @trenthead: 1 times
dinkydudette mentions:
  @androo: 1 times
downwithdesign mentions:
  @DavidCousens: 1 times
  @SarahCousens: 1 times
symone1989 mentions:
  @iamdamnsam: 1 times
  @leroyjabari: 1 times
  @Symone1989: 1 times
  @lazyPeaches: 1 times
  @pops28: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
  @DLBurdo: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @PhoenixTweets: 1 times
vbassdebinion mentions:
  @pinkiepie: 1 times
  @Valenzetti: 1 times
  @AmericanDream09: 1 times
  @HennArtonline: 1 times
  @bluefur: 1 times
  @lesacaskey: 1 times
  @vbassdebinion: 1 times
baldshag mentions:
  @LexandTerry: 1 times
  @ScarlettWinterr: 1 times
  @Aichas: 1 times
  @MikeVanDervort: 1 times
frankstallone mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
unbrelievable mentions:
  @unbrelievable: 1 times
  @ValentinaVH: 1 times
sunnysidecash mentions:
  @ClearNetworking: 1 times
mel66 mentions:
  @digitalalex: 1 times
  @clickequations: 1 times
  @jonathanmendez: 1 times
  @seangolliher: 1 times
  @monetate: 1 times
  @thegrok: 1 times
fdrive mentions:
  @FlyersView: 1 times
  @flyingwithfish: 1 times
  @faseidl: 1 times
sandyharper mentions:
  @AbsolutelyAbby: 1 times
viviennescholl mentions:
  @7Stones: 1 times
ratel mentions:
  @dustyoverby: 1 times
  @BenBowersGp: 1 times
  @GearPatrol: 1 times
  @CobaltInfinity: 1 times
  @CDButler: 1 times
  @UnderTheBar: 1 times
  @AirCess: 1 times
  @motogpmatters: 1 times
  @LethalPrincess: 1 times
philbaumann mentions:
  @HealthSocMed: 1 times
jimmy_coleman mentions:
  @KilkennyArtsFestival: 1 times
  @Fishamble: 1 times
  @thedockarts: 1 times
  @galwayartsfest: 1 times
  @dublinfringe: 1 times
  @businesstoarts: 1 times
  @herbanddorothy: 1 times
  @camaraeducation: 1 times
jasoncblais mentions:
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @OptimalResume: 1 times
  @careerworld: 1 times
  @interviewcoach: 1 times
h077y mentions:
  @Dominic1978: 1 times
sugar_monroe mentions:
  @92qjams: 1 times
  @channybear: 1 times
  @saminc: 1 times
  @lelahmccolman: 1 times
  @luckyhgm: 1 times
  @bapenerd: 1 times
  @teddybear4life: 1 times
nwmtngal mentions:
  @cbjfoto: 1 times
azzmonkey mentions:
  @Msbbp404: 1 times
  @ATLIntownPaper: 1 times
  @HollywoodIsHER: 1 times
  @PRProPam: 1 times
  @azzmonkey: 1 times
  @ParkAveMktgMgt: 1 times
  @chillinwithjeff: 1 times
mrmaguire mentions:
  @cspenn: 1 times
shari_tweets mentions:
  @VickiMazik: 1 times
  @sharitweets: 1 times
photosbyrowell mentions:
  @mycameraandi: 1 times
  @NikonPro: 1 times
  @photosbyrowell: 1 times
  @tracytesmer: 1 times
  @threewinks: 1 times
  @susanstripling: 1 times
  @FireInTheSky: 1 times
  @MorganDayCecil: 1 times
aecbks mentions:
  @EgmontGal: 1 times
  @rossgriffin: 1 times
pshplatypus mentions:
  @Debblues: 2 times
  @PSHPlatypus: 1 times
ariggio mentions:
  @bcopple: 1 times
  @EnterpriseCity: 1 times
  @CrainsChicago: 1 times
htownchowdown mentions:
  @2995: 1 times
  @JavaPeg: 1 times
  @psandalio: 1 times
  @houstonfoodie: 1 times
  @alisoncook: 1 times
  @gdruckman: 1 times
  @sheeats: 1 times
  @drricky: 1 times
  @cleverleys: 1 times
  @jm9900: 1 times
  @mimiswartz: 1 times
lengoldenstein mentions:
  @SCTechDeals: 2 times
steve10574 mentions:
  @steve10574: 1 times
  @BumbleCricket: 1 times
  @miraclelaurie: 1 times
  @ElizaPatricia: 1 times
  @Lomobife: 1 times
  @RobynTalksport: 1 times
wordbinder mentions:
  @ethnohtec: 1 times
  @wordbinder: 1 times
fukyess mentions:
  @poohbear0806: 1 times
  @romulus267: 1 times
  @fukyess: 1 times
  @DelVitaA: 1 times
  @MSinclare: 1 times
justinrampage mentions:
  @joshuaguild: 1 times
  @savemegeek: 1 times
  @zegolf: 1 times
  @savemejames: 1 times
  @hookbill: 1 times
  @BlackBerryRocks: 1 times
  @phikai: 1 times
  @0mie: 1 times
  @Dagoblin: 1 times
  @FabianMH: 1 times
slimjim1984 mentions:
scottdot mentions:
  @ngmoco: 1 times
krowt mentions:
  @OregonMJW: 1 times
goodhappens mentions:
  @KdQuin: 1 times
  @SelfReflection: 1 times
  @goodlifesister: 1 times
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @GLucciano: 1 times
  @swalkingtree: 1 times
maureenogle mentions:
  @alexismadrigal: 1 times
  @PDSmith: 1 times
  @RebeccaSkloot: 1 times
hannahbanannax mentions:
  @ellenstafford: 1 times
  @razzamatazz87: 1 times
  @AmyEW: 1 times
  @Sundaytwist: 1 times
  @merilhan: 1 times
linkuek mentions:
  @endchildslavery: 1 times
impactsp2walden mentions:
  @aeikenberry: 1 times
mikeowcarz mentions:
  @Devoted2HR: 1 times
katalink mentions:
  @specktro: 1 times
  @spkspanglish: 2 times
chicagosmma mentions:
  @HDNetFights: 1 times
  @Gunaxin: 1 times
  @BloodyElbow: 1 times
  @MMAConvert: 1 times
  @JKDilla: 1 times
  @6thRound: 1 times
  @MMAjunkieDann: 1 times
  @thezoner: 1 times
  @windycitizen: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
sasanchez mentions:
  @dino101: 1 times
  @russcundiff: 1 times
wedgekahr mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
jorge_salazar mentions:
  @iescience: 1 times
  @HokuleaWWV: 1 times
christinemabry mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
timbearcub mentions:
  @LEMills: 1 times
  @petecooper: 1 times
  @cripesonfriday: 1 times
  @leespoons: 1 times
  @DJMissFrenchie: 1 times
  @evemassacre: 1 times
citizenrobert mentions:
  @marshallmanson: 1 times
jagertiger mentions:
  @DarkBeige: 1 times
  @SimplyPostive: 1 times
  @pizzikatie: 1 times
cmjohns mentions:
  @angelica7641: 1 times
  @cmjohns: 1 times
bill_lyons mentions:
paidtobenice mentions:
  @writing4screen: 1 times
  @baronent: 1 times
colinbowen mentions:
  @SarahMag80: 1 times
jamesdelong mentions:
  @MarComNetwork: 1 times
  @sandygrason: 1 times
  @julianng: 1 times
  @cmoexec: 1 times
  @andylloydgordon: 1 times
  @davidrsheehan: 1 times
  @theyinspire: 1 times
mistershark99 mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @sweetbaboo1979: 1 times
  @ArmyMom101: 1 times
  @chloe1995h: 1 times
  @rosemaryCNN: 1 times
  @dakotagriffith5: 1 times
  @KathyinGraham: 1 times
  @alex98angie: 1 times
fearlessradio mentions:
  @okrchicago: 1 times
  @fearlessradio: 1 times
  @Talkingship: 1 times
  @PasteMagazine: 1 times
  @ThrowUpRecords: 1 times
  @pantherstyle: 1 times
  @NakedRaygun: 1 times
  @DeciderChicago: 1 times
tsanijones mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
casscalendar mentions:
  @maplet: 1 times
  @barefootmurphy: 1 times
  @spoon404: 1 times
  @mdl86: 1 times
  @duffyroze: 1 times
  @slaid: 1 times
  @zedfactor: 1 times
  @casscountyinfo: 1 times
scottjustice mentions:
  @emmkat: 1 times
  @MoJesus: 1 times
  @gailoh: 1 times
  @scottisheather: 1 times
  @torontoviewer: 1 times
  @FSDS: 1 times
riverfrontirish mentions:
  @freebiestar: 1 times
strikemegyllen mentions:
  @xtopher1974: 1 times
mid_ohfoodbank mentions:
  @stophunger: 1 times
  @CleveFoodbank: 1 times
  @BayAreaFoodBank: 1 times
  @foodbankccs: 1 times
  @aafb: 1 times
melanie726 mentions:
  @BMarie82: 1 times
  @igndotcom: 1 times
msmiller mentions:
  @passportapprovd: 1 times
  @chuckp8: 1 times
  @Indie1031: 1 times
  @abartelby: 1 times
  @avflox: 1 times
  @debontherocks: 1 times
  @maggiedammit: 1 times
  @elena: 1 times
ddavidn mentions:
  @penflare: 1 times
  @tonfue: 1 times
vmambrini mentions:
  @StanCalderelli: 1 times
  @millorfernandes: 1 times
maddy2718 mentions:
  @BunnyJeanCook: 1 times
  @nursebc1974: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @Firefly2020: 1 times
jamieroxxsays mentions:
  @GoddessSoma: 1 times
  @TVAdvertising: 1 times
  @gladysmagazine: 1 times
  @SanDiegoNews: 1 times
  @portofsandiego: 1 times
  @tassyPINK: 1 times
  @afod: 1 times
lovin_life mentions:
  @michaelbathurst: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @quintinwashingt: 1 times
  @RonBetta: 1 times
  @CoachChristy: 1 times
skariann mentions:
  @WriteAdvantage: 1 times
blackneto mentions:
  @ChiBlackhawks: 1 times
  @Bytor2112: 1 times
bobbyrettew mentions:
schuschny mentions:
  @juandoming: 1 times
  @lucatoledo: 1 times
  @taibaiuy: 1 times
  @digizen: 1 times
  @IsayDie: 1 times
  @eduo: 1 times
  @francog: 1 times
  @wiemeyer: 1 times
  @demente: 1 times
  @solano: 1 times
  @ginebra: 1 times
  @argen: 1 times
  @sblanco: 1 times
  @KR: 1 times
archaeology mentions:
  @spilliard: 1 times
  @myrnaarroyo: 1 times
  @: 1 times
kelleeanne mentions:
  @basantam: 1 times
  @JCzoracel: 1 times
  @kirash4: 1 times
  @CohoonsWorld: 1 times
hesttroa7 mentions:
  @Holten: 1 times
  @HeavyMetalJesus: 1 times
  @tkalve: 1 times
  @piastrom: 1 times
  @oddne: 1 times
  @neslekkim: 1 times
  @sighol: 1 times
  @andemann: 1 times
popshocker mentions:
  @DShadowood: 1 times
citascreativas mentions:
  @angeldominguez: 1 times
  @Quejica: 1 times
  @ParaEscritores: 1 times
  @globulart: 1 times
mu_briana_storm mentions:
  @QWho: 1 times
  @AgentHarris: 1 times
bobbyfogg mentions:
  @WealthCoachPhil: 1 times
divine_dee mentions:
  @ShermanHu: 1 times
  @divinedee: 1 times
michaelmccurry mentions:
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
  @jmoonah: 1 times
  @SabatinoDay: 1 times
  @PlannerWire: 1 times
  @Flugzeug777: 1 times
  @GregRuby: 1 times
  @Mizcity: 1 times
sybianmaker mentions:
  @sickkid1972: 2 times
  @ThatGirlJenn: 1 times
  @misswhipass: 1 times
  @sybianmaker: 1 times
  @slestie: 1 times
queenval mentions:
  @bunnies28: 1 times
  @ButtonnoseBotig: 1 times
  @FreeSampleMomma: 1 times
  @BellaDaze: 1 times
  @learningtower: 1 times
  @PowerSellingMom: 1 times
  @QueenVal: 1 times
  @poppy0927: 1 times
thedustylp mentions:
  @Axehugger: 1 times
  @elmerave: 1 times
kingspydacsk mentions:
  @ORIGINALDIVA24: 1 times
  @ANTIONETTETORR: 1 times
  @LADYSHIDA: 1 times
  @PR3TTYR3D: 1 times
fat_life mentions:
  @AbbiVN: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @fabfatties: 1 times
blissspillar mentions:
  @djlamonte: 1 times
  @ChrisDeitsch: 1 times
  @wlbishop: 1 times
  @DwayneCarson: 1 times
  @clcortes85: 1 times
missamyo mentions:
  @designdish: 1 times
zioneyemedia mentions:
  @simplesem: 1 times
  @p3ersonalshopp3r: 1 times
  @nordstrom: 1 times
  @3drockz: 1 times
  @bluemedia: 1 times
  @freelancesw: 1 times
  @eleart: 1 times
  @alohaarleen: 1 times
  @armaniexchange: 1 times
bbcasper mentions:
  @chicklet7: 1 times
pjblands mentions:
  @flirtyfloridian: 1 times
pinkis4gangstas mentions:
djdeleon mentions:
  @artemisrex: 2 times
  @mcm180: 1 times
  @djdeleon: 1 times
  @Isak@clubbeatsblog: 1 times
  @kayounche: 1 times
  @musicboxmix: 1 times
edscanlan mentions:
  @bcopple: 1 times
  @EnterpriseCity: 1 times
  @CrainsChicago: 1 times
twitsocial mentions:
  @BillZuckerFOLLOWFRIDAY: 1 times
  @ArtAdvisor: 1 times
  @ArthurFontes: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @PARKPLACEMORTG: 1 times
  @bobwarren: 1 times
  @luizgalarza: 1 times
  @modelsupplies: 1 times
zawfi mentions:
  @rbflygal: 1 times
paige661 mentions:
  @TRONash: 1 times
  @paige661: 1 times
  @davedelaney: 1 times
  @sgordon70: 1 times
legaltypist mentions:
  @MegPower: 1 times
bridgetztalk mentions:
  @ChrisYandek: 1 times
  @ShontelleLayne: 1 times
  @AlexandraSINGS: 1 times
forevermines mentions:
  @ClaudeKelly: 1 times
s2ceokimkleeman mentions:
  @mlamendola: 1 times
  @S2CEOKimKleeman: 1 times
  @HannahSJohnson: 1 times
  @kjarrett: 1 times
  @colonelb: 1 times
  @jpostonday: 1 times
tradeshowguy mentions:
  @jenkin7NICK: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
dannyrust mentions:
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
adii mentions:
  @obox: 1 times
  @thecolorfreak: 1 times
activelife4u mentions:
  @NaturalHealthEd: 1 times
  @DebbyBruck: 1 times
  @greatfitness: 1 times
dailyrt mentions:
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @questlove: 1 times
  @yiannopoulos: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
cwalkman mentions:
  @Trubiliti: 1 times
cezza_b mentions:
  @2woofers: 1 times
  @CezzaB: 1 times
hwac mentions:
  @Sinclair: 1 times
scarletkid mentions:
  @UKayCheung: 1 times
  @BashiQu: 1 times
  @heavygrinder: 1 times
uppington mentions:
  @AgileRoxy: 1 times
drtutt mentions:
  @dknews: 1 times
twinpeaksarchve mentions:
  @GavinNewsom: 1 times
  @DLFTV: 1 times
  @dameunited: 1 times
  @AmyMyDarling: 1 times
  @adexter: 1 times
  @balloffur: 1 times
  @pinkwindies: 1 times
  @jesterworld: 1 times
  @EdenWeaver: 1 times
  @Melorailiana: 1 times
hugcha mentions:
  @mrboo: 1 times
  @imnotalone: 1 times
  @MarionSarah: 1 times
  @NikonPassion: 1 times
euphoriefetzen mentions:
  @booldog: 1 times
  @marcelweiss: 1 times
  @matola: 1 times
mindpinball mentions:
  @carolinaware: 1 times
  @Inkognegro: 1 times
  @julythirteenth: 1 times
  @Broncos365: 1 times
  @MKRob: 1 times
  @Tailgate365: 1 times
  @jeffw171: 1 times
texastoms mentions:
  @fallenknight73: 1 times
  @BrewsterStreet: 1 times
  @doreenharrell: 1 times
  @ccsharks: 1 times
  @sandiegoSFC: 1 times
  @MrsSalinas: 1 times
  @CorpusJobs: 1 times
  @gylda: 1 times
jamesj333 mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
angeloferreira mentions:
  @azevedoalves: 1 times
  @anleite: 1 times
  @RogerioFragoso: 1 times
  @JPDias: 1 times
  @zeliabreda: 1 times
  @zupollask: 1 times
  @lpedromachado: 1 times
  @CSaCarneiro: 1 times
  @jgreno: 1 times
  @CN: 1 times
  @albertorebola: 1 times
djrickyruckkus mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @nickolaswriter: 1 times
  @DjRickyRuckkus: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
  @musicbizradio: 1 times
  @drbeckloff: 1 times
  @shoestringing: 1 times
kezzamcdezza mentions:
  @pugofwar: 1 times
reoryanprazen mentions:
  @joeworkman: 1 times
  @sambasel: 1 times
  @jonesdel: 1 times
  @davidgoldstein: 1 times
  @AntwainSherrod: 1 times
  @tweethomes: 1 times
  @christiantjr: 1 times
  @LIDA360: 1 times
seasonalwisdom mentions:
  @RobinWedewer: 1 times
  @JeanAnnVK: 1 times
  @kissmyaster: 1 times
  @seasonalwisdom: 1 times
lacoplera mentions:
  @marujatarre: 1 times
sylviaswann mentions:
  @create4you: 1 times
  @BenJoBubble: 1 times
mikelikes2party mentions:
  @TammyDantzler: 1 times
  @lizwertz: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @DebbyBruck: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong: 1 times
spendonlife mentions:
  @onlymoney: 1 times
  @BillWinterberg: 1 times
  @aaroncoates: 1 times
  @FindABetterBank: 1 times
  @GaryForeman: 1 times
  @BSimple: 1 times
  @GetOutOfDebtGuy: 1 times
peoriapundit mentions:
  @daveshomeroast: 1 times
youngfreesc mentions:
  @youngfree: 1 times
  @youngfreetexas: 1 times
  @seanhughes: 1 times
  @rathermoore: 1 times
  @libbykrah: 1 times
  @calebonner: 1 times
bookbrowzers mentions:
  @danbyl: 1 times
  @bookbrowzers: 1 times
  @LVRehabDeals: 1 times
  @GheasHenHouse: 1 times
oneeyedcarmen mentions:
  @Indie979: 1 times
  @johnlaurjr: 1 times
  @daisysf: 1 times
  @baddecisions: 1 times
dockane mentions:
  @JeffHurt: 1 times
beautifulwreck2 mentions:
  @mikedignammusic: 1 times
ourprayer mentions:
  @ClintDCollins: 1 times
  @WalkingOnTheSea: 1 times
  @earlylight333: 1 times
  @SierraRanch: 1 times
vsggirl mentions:
  @DaisyToad: 1 times
  @Junkculture: 1 times
  @RustBeltThreads: 1 times
  @deargoldden: 1 times
  @shrimpsalad: 1 times
  @divokc: 1 times
  @816vintage: 1 times
  @jenscloset: 1 times
happy_boo mentions:
  @Tasshhaaar: 1 times
richatkinson mentions:
  @allaboutenergy: 1 times
  @BrettGreene: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @chrisguillebeau: 1 times
  @mayhemstudios: 1 times
  @StartupPro: 1 times
  @Patsiblogsquad: 1 times
  @DaivRawks: 1 times
  @wendyperrin: 1 times
jcavichiolo mentions:
  @kakah: 2 times
  @Barbaraba: 1 times
  @danikoetz: 1 times
  @malvadas: 1 times
  @talitawaquim: 1 times
  @jcavichiolo: 1 times
julieandjulia mentions:
  @frombecca: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
lostlightstudio mentions:
  @GlynDewisFollowFriday: 1 times
  @MattKloskowski: 1 times
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
  @frankdelvalle: 1 times
  @therealmikewong: 1 times
  @bradmoorephoto: 1 times
  @smcross9: 1 times
  @chromasia: 1 times
etrendzshop mentions:
  @EcomBuffet: 1 times
  @MichelleStewart: 1 times
  @ArteWorksSEO: 1 times
  @MamaRed: 1 times
  @ProsperbyDesign: 1 times
  @bettez: 1 times
  @thesearchguru: 1 times
  @TrishaB: 1 times
therealestjg mentions:
  @Goodfellas773: 1 times
  @RashadHouston: 1 times
  @SharpDiesel: 1 times
  @YoungJerz: 1 times
  @TheRealestJG: 1 times
  @P8O@mrdoc@mrhihater: 1 times
  @urbanperspectiv: 1 times
  @Humble83: 1 times
dugrizzy mentions:
  @siremusicgroup: 1 times
  @Johnnyagg: 1 times
  @ApolloTheGreat: 1 times
  @BrendaSawJesus: 1 times
  @TTTorrez: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @MuhammadAS: 1 times
  @DuGrizzy: 1 times
  @TyCody: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
monagrayson mentions:
  @Loster: 1 times
  @NurseForHealth: 1 times
  @curiousHeidiHi: 1 times
  @monagrayson: 1 times
equin2010 mentions:
  @EmilyOnTheAve: 1 times
  @craftychica: 1 times
  @katvogue: 1 times
  @rinkjustice: 1 times
  @rustyrockets: 1 times
  @skydiver: 1 times
ericakaitlynn mentions:
  @madballNYC: 1 times
  @TobyH20: 1 times
  @hatebreed: 1 times
  @fullblownchaos: 1 times
  @10for10tour: 1 times
  @terrorhardcore: 1 times
  @thisishell: 1 times
  @crimeinstereo: 1 times
  @PoisonTheWell: 1 times
zanesafrit mentions:
  @brentleary: 1 times
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
thehammercomic mentions:
  @yamerias: 1 times
mwsandevents mentions:
  @bonnietsang@MWsandEvents: 1 times
  @SoCalWeddings: 1 times
  @RomainVaucher: 1 times
franciscomesa mentions:
  @bgreinfeld: 1 times
  @RTVCes: 1 times
  @sic: 1 times
  @CarmenMartin: 1 times
  @perdomo: 1 times
rachelhoff814 mentions:
  @YRNextLevel: 1 times
  @BrianHGraham: 1 times
  @jewels837: 1 times
  @SarahReidy: 1 times
  @LoveAUTigers: 1 times
  @karensautter: 1 times
cityofskies mentions:
  @inkstained: 1 times
  @aquale: 1 times
  @JanineSmith: 1 times
  @headphonaught: 1 times
  @LaurieP: 1 times
  @librarynation: 1 times
  @clareconway: 1 times
civicom mentions:
  @SharonLivingstn: 1 times
  @domoreministry: 1 times
  @loalovecoach: 1 times
eftsuzanne mentions:
  @ShireenFreeman: 1 times
  @BodyWisdomInc: 1 times
  @RashelleReid: 1 times
  @Wisdomnz: 1 times
  @jamiegodwin: 1 times
  @ltrunell: 1 times
  @PamelaBruner: 1 times
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
thrillerchick mentions:
  @jayrosennyu: 1 times
  @thadmccotter: 1 times
  @allahpundit: 1 times
  @andylevy: 1 times
  @mkhammer: 1 times
  @davidcorndc: 1 times
  @oxfordgirl: 1 times
  @markknoller: 1 times
  @tommyXtopher: 1 times
  @kenwheaton: 1 times
pasakorn mentions:
  @scottharrison: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
tammigirl mentions:
  @auntietheses: 1 times
  @carogonza: 1 times
  @ooodaisymaeooo: 1 times
  @pestkaj: 1 times
  @nape9393: 1 times
teberge mentions:
  @traveleverywher: 1 times
  @teberge: 1 times
broadsthockey mentions:
  @Pensburgh: 2 times
  @defendingbigd: 1 times
  @broadsthockey: 1 times
  @2ndcityhockey: 1 times
  @mlse: 1 times
vinch01 mentions:
  @feeltwice: 1 times
  @michaeljackson: 1 times
  @farrahfawcett: 1 times
doreenatdms mentions:
  @mySapna: 1 times
  @shereenmir: 1 times
  @PialiRoy: 1 times
  @karensnider: 1 times
  @balkissoon: 1 times
  @DoreenatDMS: 1 times
roadyrvdog mentions:
  @RosieBassett: 1 times
  @txsmary: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @johnherrington: 1 times
  @reikifurbabies: 1 times
  @btsol: 1 times
  @HighPlainsCamp: 1 times
welcometoloop mentions:
  @feterie: 1 times
italytravel mentions:
  @ChefMark: 1 times
imacme mentions:
  @funnyjoker: 9 times
  @FunnyJoker: 1 times
walliesworld mentions:
  @slicktalkJ: 1 times
  @SANOMI: 1 times
  @kyoneirue: 1 times
  @dieuxdeluxe: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
megoizzy mentions:
  @koangirl: 1 times
elfudge35 mentions:
  @MyFantasyMMA: 1 times
  @FRANKTRIGG: 1 times
  @MMAjunkie: 1 times
  @joerogandotnet: 1 times
  @mmamixer: 1 times
  @performify: 1 times
  @MMAjunkieGeorge: 1 times
  @MMAjunkieDann: 1 times
cfrmi mentions:
  @ihearthandmade: 1 times
  @grouseandbadger: 1 times
  @collectiveeleme: 1 times
  @birdcagebohemia: 1 times
  @jacarandagal: 1 times
  @pickyourpocket: 1 times
  @thepaperista: 1 times
  @ten10t: 1 times
kiedisfr mentions:
  @denisfabre: 1 times
  @cat0: 1 times
  @amylee: 1 times
  @spawnrider: 1 times
  @itoinel: 1 times
  @cespetisrien: 1 times
  @buzz2luxe: 1 times
  @therealmilie: 1 times
irene_expcols mentions:
leyrer mentions:
  @nobabe: 1 times
nsresearcher mentions:
  @4thfrog: 1 times
  @NSresearcher: 1 times
anikakai mentions:
  @erroldunlap: 1 times
  @MichaelJackson: 1 times
bushido02 mentions:
  @JennyPennifer: 1 times
lifebychocolate mentions:
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
glotrovato mentions:
  @ClaudeKelly: 1 times
brillianttips mentions:
  @AKNickerson: 1 times
mattyingram mentions:
  @dcjas: 1 times
  @welovedc: 1 times
  @wcp: 1 times
  @brightestyoung: 1 times
  @BandsInDC: 1 times
  @washingtonian: 1 times
soniasuds mentions:
  @kaigani: 1 times
  @Jacksonify: 1 times
shermanhu mentions:
  @BullsEyeLeader: 1 times
melissatweets mentions:
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
  @dmataconis: 1 times
  @talkmaster: 1 times
  @CatoInstitute: 1 times
  @ReasonMag: 1 times
  @ShellyRoche: 1 times
  @AndyLevy: 1 times
  @VodkaPundit: 1 times
zucket mentions:
  @mattyspence: 1 times
michaelpilla mentions:
  @ollada: 1 times
  @NewMediaVault: 1 times
pghcraft mentions:
  @Phase3Theatre: 1 times
  @AngelaMCGJazz: 1 times
  @QuantumTheatre: 1 times
  @pghcraft: 1 times
  @PublicTheater: 1 times
  @EBSQ: 1 times
  @printsnat: 1 times
niptuckbill mentions:
  @crazycatkid: 1 times
  @randynacol2002: 1 times
  @Ch1ckenSniper: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @teamwi: 1 times
samir_b mentions:
  @RyuuzakiBjorn: 1 times
  @samirb: 1 times
  @RobynLouise1993: 1 times
  @AttackThis: 1 times
  @RubricalEye: 1 times
  @Kairex: 1 times
  @jsauni: 1 times
  @Gamehouse: 1 times
genewashere mentions:
  @DrWes: 1 times
  @ImWendy: 1 times
dieverdog mentions:
  @ladylennon1964: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @lindawoods: 1 times
  @jannarden: 1 times
  @pameladetlor: 1 times
  @cjaxon: 1 times
  @dieverdog: 1 times
cat_fan mentions:
  @petwebdes: 1 times
lavernwight mentions:
  @thetelevixen: 1 times
  @Lavernwight: 1 times
  @slicefate: 1 times
  @Corrie777: 1 times
  @Calabrisella: 1 times
  @tracystella: 1 times
adhdparenting mentions:
  @ADHDParenting: 1 times
  @UgoUche: 1 times
rcsaustin mentions:
  @RCSAustin: 1 times
jamesleonsk mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @yashka: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @jamesleonsk: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @tokyofan: 1 times
  @marilynstannett: 1 times
katbron mentions:
  @KellyG5: 1 times
the_bellacullen mentions:
  @NessieC: 1 times
  @LeahClearwater: 1 times
daikou mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @LongBeachCC: 1 times
  @ComicCon: 1 times
  @highvoltagemag: 1 times
  @geektyrant: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @wearethefallen: 1 times
  @brookroyal: 1 times
lisavielee mentions:
  @RochelleVeturis: 1 times
ranggrol mentions:
  @falsemirror: 1 times
  @sndchasr: 1 times
  @njlinguist: 1 times
  @queermonkey89: 1 times
  @darrinbodner: 1 times
  @DCbigpappa: 1 times
  @SeanWG: 1 times
  @justenluke: 1 times
  @wonderwillow: 1 times
mychiller mentions:
  @NewsFirstWeb: 1 times
carnellunyc mentions:
  @Bronxchyck: 1 times
  @digdeepinc: 1 times
  @foxnews: 1 times
  @MONESOBTYG: 1 times
  @MeLaMachinko: 1 times
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @DiraOfDGE: 1 times
  @eddyshades: 1 times
  @LadyFr3sh: 1 times
  @SinnamonLove: 1 times
theao mentions:
  @LayerTennis: 1 times
  @DrewFromTV: 1 times
rootsandwings mentions:
  @kevinburr: 1 times
elisabethos mentions:
  @SorrelRiver: 1 times
  @dannysullivan: 1 times
aura3107 mentions:
  @davegorman: 1 times
  @officialbb: 1 times
  @watsoncomedian: 1 times
clayedwards mentions:
  @stefanlubinski: 1 times
  @smallbizamerica: 1 times
  @chipcummings: 1 times
  @bobburg: 1 times
  @mycaricaturecom: 1 times
chloebeetle mentions:
  @joshuadenney: 1 times
  @JIDF: 1 times
emma300 mentions:
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @DameUnited: 1 times
  @Katie1989: 1 times
  @PurpleMuffinMan: 1 times
  @Whisper63: 1 times
  @Kyranbracken: 1 times
  @TheMattEvers: 1 times
photosforfood mentions:
  @ShannonCherry: 1 times
  @argentbeauquest: 1 times
  @HealthyBitch: 1 times
  @bejarana: 1 times
  @rothsteinjewlry: 1 times
  @goalsmatter: 1 times
ian_x mentions:
  @onegemini: 1 times
  @mjbrenner: 1 times
  @coasterchild: 1 times
  @opioid: 1 times
  @davidhahn: 1 times
  @suterman: 1 times
  @varessa: 1 times
  @carpesav: 1 times
  @DrSlashblight: 1 times
technuts mentions:
  @ecobject: 1 times
  @thegoodhuman: 1 times
  @medicray: 1 times
  @EcoChic: 1 times
  @playbackcloth: 1 times
  @frugalgirl: 1 times
  @Neergorganic: 1 times
  @candita: 1 times
  @Magnifeco: 1 times
draconum mentions:
  @VirginIncVuture: 1 times
jiminthemorning mentions:
maribiscuits mentions:
  @Moggsay: 1 times
jonanovi mentions:
  @27518: 1 times
  @misterorff: 1 times
  @holyfieldTV: 1 times
  @jonanovi: 1 times
  @MaryEats: 1 times
  @shawn2Win: 1 times
  @NBC17EP: 1 times
  @tarheelprincess: 1 times
justinrfrench mentions:
  @anthonyblando: 1 times
  @justinparks: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @incitrio: 1 times
  @mikestelzner: 1 times
  @robinkemp: 1 times
  @boltbuzz108: 1 times
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
pinkheels mentions:
  @TheBlisschick: 1 times
  @PinkHeels: 1 times
  @MamaAnna: 1 times
  @julesdominguez: 1 times
  @Shamsi333: 1 times
amycerbone mentions:
  @bobbiebrisse: 1 times
  @wahujen: 1 times
  @down4now: 1 times
  @DiamondSharp: 1 times
  @c21sftu: 1 times
  @koshersales: 1 times
vancetune mentions:
  @kveggiegrl: 1 times
  @veganhope: 1 times
  @saidinjest: 1 times
  @880s: 1 times
  @upsidedownlady: 1 times
  @vegimentary: 1 times
  @KristensRaw: 1 times
  @veganfreak: 1 times
  @VanceTune: 1 times
  @eatconsciously: 1 times
felixgeorge mentions:
  @emmamessia: 1 times
webestate mentions:
  @ImJoePerez: 1 times
  @shonali: 1 times
  @prsarahevans: 1 times
  @pitchengine: 1 times
  @lizzharmon: 1 times
  @sashahalima: 1 times
  @rachelakay: 1 times
  @cathybrowne: 1 times
ugccreative mentions:
  @TheRetailPeople: 1 times
mattclaymore mentions:
  @MillieBlogger: 1 times
  @svmomsgroup: 1 times
  @mattclaymore: 1 times
  @alliefab: 1 times
  @mylittlebecky: 1 times
  @flipfloppearls: 1 times
  @kcsetgirl: 1 times
advertisingblog mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @velvethammer: 1 times
  @AlinS: 1 times
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @marklevinshow: 1 times
  @popcornpolitics: 1 times
  @labelladiva: 1 times
  @MarlaBelson: 1 times
  @ZoMachoSauce: 1 times
jsgilbert mentions:
  @glitzyorbit: 2 times
  @buckybit: 1 times
  @jsgilbert: 1 times
  @semayer: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @mmlover61: 1 times
  @BarbaraDuke: 1 times
  @marlonbroussard: 1 times
irisfields mentions:
  @vintageglam: 1 times
  @No10weddings: 1 times
  @WEDDEX: 1 times
  @stylemepretty: 1 times
  @getstuck: 1 times
  @blissbridalshoes: 1 times
  @WedAlert: 1 times
  @Sentimentfavors: 1 times
  @wimagazine: 1 times
gavlp mentions:
  @MeanderingPaul: 1 times
jbfortes18 mentions:
  @WHEEZYDABOSSFollowFriday: 1 times
  @DosFrios: 1 times
  @JBFortes18: 1 times
  @JLavangie: 1 times
  @ooojoey: 1 times
  @nellynandes: 1 times
  @JOERADER: 1 times
  @thewife5: 1 times
  @CarlosTerron: 1 times
  @DJINFARED: 1 times
  @dgnt08: 1 times
audrawsampson mentions:
  @Uncucumbered: 1 times
  @AudraWSampson: 1 times
itz_cookie mentions:
  @ddbig9: 1 times
  @jmdc88: 1 times
  @sexybbwlily: 1 times
  @SierraSkye: 1 times
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @TSArielaBlue: 1 times
  @MIA215: 1 times
  @imbize: 1 times
  @coreyskort: 1 times
  @SmashFit: 1 times
chengsophia mentions:
  @partlysunny: 1 times
  @cjscott: 1 times
  @NicholasPR: 1 times
seandps mentions:
  @aerodash84: 1 times
  @seandps: 1 times
  @DannyTRS: 1 times
  @JonFavreau: 1 times
  @JasonReitman: 1 times
  @davechensky: 1 times
  @ThatKevinSmith: 1 times
cindythroop mentions:
  @Cascadia: 1 times
caesar84 mentions:
  @ogwilson: 1 times
  @amari3: 1 times
  @caesar84: 1 times
  @kapado: 1 times
  @phoenix410: 1 times
  @therell: 1 times
  @blackboyunltd: 1 times
  @EAROM: 1 times
jordanmunson mentions:
kevinminott mentions:
  @AmyCerbone: 1 times
wizzbarz mentions:
  @NorCalChika: 1 times
  @graffking: 1 times
  @sarahball81: 1 times
  @MissHighTech: 1 times
  @blazedconfused: 1 times
  @livinglegends: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @lollipoplacy: 1 times
nkdesigns mentions:
  @AlphaComputer: 1 times
  @HillbillyBruce: 1 times
  @EdwardHenderson: 1 times
  @Kjmastaw: 1 times
  @AxelMeierhoefer: 1 times
  @GallagherPreach: 1 times
screammaster mentions:
  @camillaaxo: 1 times
  @screammaster: 1 times
  @antroe3768: 1 times
  @PetMD: 1 times
  @ItsOnAlexa: 1 times
  @JoaquinRPhoenix: 1 times
fidosfriend mentions:
  @hootsuite: 1 times
  @mypetblog: 1 times
  @LastChancePets: 1 times
  @RescueAnimals: 1 times
nlapenna mentions:
  @jbaldovino: 1 times
gigoslurp mentions:
  @NeronePrandi: 1 times
  @SACZ: 1 times
  @hmmm09: 1 times
pinkbirdi mentions:
  @commonsquirrel: 1 times
  @zaustrew: 1 times
onegemini mentions:
  @ianx: 1 times
  @astrobrain: 1 times
  @sarahdarkmagic: 1 times
  @y2jenn: 1 times
  @coasterchild: 1 times
hardlybearfilms mentions:
  @alejandroadams: 1 times
  @ev: 1 times
starxlr8 mentions:
  @SisterDiane: 1 times
  @shanknits: 1 times
  @KelleighRatz: 1 times
  @CraftCritique: 1 times
  @craftersguru: 1 times
henzerheap mentions:
  @ThrashHits: 1 times
  @DomLawson: 1 times
  @jameyjasta: 1 times
  @SteelPanther: 1 times
  @RoadrunnerUK: 1 times
  @mbeurope: 1 times
  @CriminalDamage: 1 times
  @LiveNationUK: 1 times
  @MetalHammer: 1 times
debkrier mentions:
  @pugofwar: 1 times
boonewallbeds mentions:
  @BooneWallbeds: 1 times
  @HighStyleClt: 1 times
miffmelon mentions:
  @Cerrado: 1 times
cordobes32 mentions:
  @MichelleyM: 1 times
  @@mlomb: 1 times
  @MommaDrama: 1 times
  @PetiteAntoin: 1 times
  @wiemeyer: 1 times
  @tamibang: 1 times
luvbabyb mentions:
  @luvbabyb: 1 times
  @colleentatum: 1 times
  @fclstyle: 1 times
  @xoxosteph: 1 times
  @MelK: 1 times
  @gina81375: 1 times
  @AirlifeXmas: 1 times
zumapress mentions:
  @photogjack: 1 times
  @yohanbonnet: 1 times
  @StefanPJ: 1 times
  @sundogg1: 1 times
inky_poo mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
thenormi mentions:
stophunger mentions:
  @CleveFoodbank: 1 times
  @BayAreaFoodBank: 1 times
  @foodbankccs: 1 times
  @aafb: 1 times
dldesign mentions:
  @henrybing: 1 times
blessedby3kids mentions:
  @musiccityace: 1 times
  @lisakm1109: 1 times
  @ninasplayground: 1 times
  @MomMaven: 1 times
  @charmedimsure: 1 times
  @chillirosie: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @whiskeyrose7followfriday: 1 times
sdwrage mentions:
  @TeamWrecktAngle: 1 times
projectlinux mentions:
  @EvilLinux: 1 times
  @projectlinux: 1 times
  @4NTK: 1 times
  @JimAlger: 1 times
  @QuickPWN: 1 times
  @ScionASP: 1 times
  @stephenknuth: 1 times
  @UbuntuLinux: 1 times
leoben2 mentions:
  @PeterJThomastwitter: 1 times
colleenkrich mentions:
  @curlysoo102: 1 times
  @poisspoff: 1 times
montserratlj mentions:
  @jmilles: 1 times
  @ScottGreenfield: 1 times
  @blawreview: 1 times
  @stephenfarley: 1 times
  @lancegodard: 1 times
  @econwriter5: 1 times
  @adriandaytonfollowfriday: 1 times
beckystraw mentions:
  @EstherHavens: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
  @scottharrison: 1 times
  @beckystraw: 1 times
  @bloodwater: 1 times
  @lifewater: 1 times
  @lifelinefund: 1 times
  @jareddwhite: 1 times
ilovesk8ers mentions:
  @rickydanny: 1 times
  @NorCalChika: 1 times
lisa_arianna mentions:
  @ddbig9: 1 times
  @itzcookie: 1 times
  @lisaarianna: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @alyciameeker: 1 times
  @SelfishMom: 1 times
  @JensCamaro: 1 times
  @TrillyLou: 1 times
  @Carus925: 1 times
  @ChynaGyrL1980: 1 times
spektrummedia mentions:
  @NicolasRoberge: 1 times
macuserboricua mentions:
eccentricity1 mentions:
  @kelleyli: 1 times
  @studio618: 1 times
  @StudioOnTheHill: 1 times
  @Beeyourselfdsgn: 1 times
stjohn_hippo mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
reverb79 mentions:
  @Moonsatellite: 1 times
  @REVERB79: 1 times
  @AngieGriffin: 1 times
  @junocomplex: 1 times
  @FROLAB: 1 times
  @davidrankin: 1 times
  @MikeEagle: 1 times
  @Lefreak78: 1 times
  @UncommonRecords: 1 times
  @DjFu: 1 times
napavalleynews mentions:
  @KrisColvin: 1 times
tasshhaaar mentions:
handbooklive mentions:
  @CaraMarketer: 1 times
tim_nolan mentions:
  @1stfans: 1 times
digglauren mentions:
  @cyndeZu: 1 times
  @EnlytenNetwork: 1 times
  @mmaine2008: 1 times
  @lyleses07: 1 times
ryanhansinger mentions:
  @RVAfashionista: 1 times
  @cwbrown85: 1 times
jalensmom mentions:
  @amycasey: 1 times
matyasgabor mentions:
  @zaboune: 1 times
tiswhat mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
iammouse mentions:
  @sagittarius88: 1 times
  @NekaAStar: 1 times
  @judahtunes: 1 times
andrebranun mentions:
  @memoriaviva: 1 times
  @rollingstoneBR: 1 times
  @revistasuper: 1 times
  @sciam: 1 times
  @kibeloco: 1 times
  @rosana: 1 times
  @Ticostacruz: 1 times
  @claudyahelen: 1 times
  @OCriador: 1 times
  @OCapeta: 1 times
  @NaKombi: 1 times
basketball_god mentions:
  @jemelehill@Lfitzgerald11: 1 times
  @MRSESPN@NBAFinals2009@NBAKays@NBAguy: 1 times
  @NuschlersNews@sportsquota@TheMileHighFan@warriorsbuzztap: 1 times
donnafeldman mentions:
  @debkrier: 1 times
  @LIDA360: 1 times
cmhuerta mentions:
  @JoseBoza: 1 times
  @HowardCohen: 1 times
  @lesleyabravanel: 1 times
  @AAAYYYEEE: 1 times
  @miamiherald: 1 times
  @cmhuerta: 1 times
  @miamicheap: 1 times
  @adrianruhi: 1 times
  @BridgetCarey: 1 times
  @malcolli: 1 times
proactivedads mentions:
  @peekababy: 1 times
  @Parentricity: 1 times
  @BabitosDad: 1 times
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
  @TweetParents: 1 times
mbj mentions:
  @mbrewer: 1 times
  @LisaTrosien: 1 times
pamfh mentions:
  @TTVWineGal: 1 times
tonycomstock mentions:
  @slarkpope: 1 times
texasholly mentions:
  @sadiecass: 1 times
  @shanhutch1: 1 times
  @themaggers: 1 times
  @sthrnfairytale: 1 times
  @ClaudiaC: 1 times
lemminglady mentions:
  @IntactByDefault: 1 times
  @BabyDefender: 1 times
  @uncircAmerica: 1 times
  @mamaVH: 1 times
littlehumbugs mentions:
  @balmeras: 1 times
  @wildelycreative: 1 times
  @stephhicks: 1 times
thatgirlrenita mentions:
  @cakewrecks: 1 times
  @postsecret: 1 times
  @mentalfloss: 1 times
lucashardy mentions:
  @thecitycalls: 1 times
xaviv mentions:
  @irisamelia: 1 times
  @XaviV: 1 times
wanttogotravel mentions:
  @tomtravel2: 1 times
  @WantToGoTravel: 1 times
bobgaron mentions:
  @joshonefitness: 1 times
  @kenblackburn: 1 times
  @ZEvenEsh: 1 times
  @UnderTheBar: 1 times
  @jasonferruggia: 1 times
  @johnwild: 1 times
djprofessorcc mentions:
  @graffking: 1 times
  @imodel: 1 times
  @djprofessorcc: 1 times
  @norcalchika: 1 times
  @wale: 1 times
  @blazedconfused: 1 times
  @livinglegends: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @lollipoplacy: 1 times
  @evoparty: 1 times
gamerwok mentions:
  @yukihime: 1 times
  @Chazzy84: 1 times
  @gamerwok: 1 times
  @TheMagnificen7: 1 times
  @ReaFaceToFace: 1 times
  @jannarden: 1 times
  @JonoMLA: 1 times
  @wikkiwild1: 1 times
nadiart mentions:
  @spinelli666: 1 times
azbillboard mentions:
  @PulteHomes: 1 times
manuelreis mentions:
  @designerferro: 1 times
  @ArturAnjos: 1 times
  @inesturika: 1 times
  @ecastrofonseca: 1 times
coppertalk mentions:
  @happnnny: 1 times
ejobinfo mentions:
  @seohungry: 1 times
  @seodude16: 1 times
trumpette2 mentions:
anthonybushnell mentions:
  @lawyerMN: 1 times
  @mypractice: 1 times
  @SmallFirm: 1 times
darrenwilliger mentions:
  @Chrispinkapple: 1 times
  @egyii: 1 times
  @nicolamenicacci: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @onecoles: 1 times
  @opterios: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @RichLeighton: 1 times
  @lesameryl: 1 times
  @daveyank: 1 times
tsminc mentions:
  @Telmarq: 1 times
  @canishine: 1 times
  @NYsMissingStar: 1 times
  @TSMinc: 1 times
  @NoUglyDoors: 1 times
  @KenrickC: 1 times
  @geoffc11: 1 times
  @tweeterline: 1 times
  @PcPitCrew: 1 times
donnaamos mentions:
  @prosperitygal: 1 times
alurastar mentions:
  @clydetombaugh: 1 times
happier mentions:
  @waxgirl333: 1 times
  @biswasdiener: 1 times
  @AKLtweets: 1 times
  @ValenciaRay: 1 times
  @ElleJaySwan: 1 times
  @happier: 1 times
siptea mentions:
  @leafygreeninfo: 1 times
jonathancarmona mentions:
  @tombed: 1 times
modage mentions:
  @rajskub: 1 times
jswolck mentions:
  @ShockNetLaptops: 1 times
  @BigMamaCass: 1 times
  @Kodymw: 1 times
  @Hoonani: 1 times
  @Aloethere: 1 times
  @bonaevox: 1 times
  @techdyke: 1 times
  @canysepulveda: 1 times
  @iamdebra: 1 times
thefincher mentions:
  @idsharman: 1 times
justinenupp mentions:
  @Glamutante: 1 times
therowdyyates mentions:
  @chaddukes: 1 times
  @BigOandDukes: 1 times
  @PTIShow: 1 times
  @RedskinsInsider: 1 times
  @drdrew: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @doktorbuzzo: 1 times
penflare mentions:
  @downwithdesign: 1 times
  @LBOI: 1 times
ypcofjasc mentions:
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
  @MouseGoesSqueak: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @TracyeDukes: 1 times
  @heathcrush: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @Jakesmom02: 1 times
  @therockboy: 1 times
  @makabra: 1 times
traceru mentions:
  @username: 1 times
egyptoknuckles mentions:
  @Moonsatellite: 1 times
  @Deacon87: 1 times
  @MDean: 1 times
  @kenmitch: 1 times
  @BEATJUNKIES: 1 times
  @jameskLMNO: 1 times
  @BlackMarmalade: 1 times
  @marcusrespeckt: 1 times
  @thegritty: 1 times
  @meedymek: 1 times
adil_mhira mentions:
  @GeekAndCo: 1 times
  @Geekeriesfr: 1 times
  @Araen: 1 times
  @Badr: 1 times
  @Sobees: 1 times
  @Plugeek: 1 times
  @Johnsgraphisme: 1 times
  @PlaneteHD: 1 times
  @xhark: 1 times
sarau_eletronic mentions:
ct_fan mentions:
  @WoodyTondorf: 1 times
  @katemicucci: 1 times
  @andrewzilch: 1 times
  @bbpace: 1 times
vicki_kunkel mentions:
  @RandyGage: 1 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @HomeGuy: 1 times
  @YouRememberThat: 1 times
penelopeoverton mentions:
  @midgetmum: 1 times
  @saturdaygirl: 1 times
  @mizzlizwhizz: 1 times
  @parentstudent: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor@rainboweffect: 1 times
milenaregos mentions:
  @TahoeKidsGuide: 1 times
rpringle mentions:
  @KariGoCubsGo: 1 times
  @keegs3225: 1 times
  @TheCubs: 1 times
  @Eukadanz: 1 times
  @EamusCatuli: 1 times
  @Aisle424: 1 times
  @OneTwittedCubs: 1 times
  @Kobskid: 1 times
  @backbackheyhey: 1 times
  @SarahSpain: 1 times
nanascookieco mentions:
luzbego mentions:
  @tamaslorincz: 1 times
  @hiannie: 1 times
gethorse mentions:
  @kwornicki: 1 times
  @Probyn: 1 times
  @HudsonandMurphy: 1 times
  @sigrunnhv: 1 times
  @Nitareality: 1 times
  @ArnoldClark: 1 times
investorabcs mentions:
  @investorlists: 1 times
  @stockreads: 1 times
  @InsideInvestor: 1 times
  @sosstocks: 1 times
  @StocknRoll: 1 times
  @tmstocks: 1 times
sifmabuzz mentions:
  @LToomre: 1 times
  @ltoomre: 1 times
  @mrkwpalmer: 1 times
  @ltabb: 1 times
  @johnjcoulter: 1 times
  @kw2dio: 1 times
geenome mentions:
  @StephenGordon: 1 times
  @ClubForGrowth: 1 times
vivienne_so mentions:
  @horizonair: 1 times
carolyburnsbass mentions:
  @bellevoce: 1 times
  @bwhowe: 1 times
  @alexisgrant: 1 times
  @halfdan: 1 times
  @thebookmaven: 1 times
  @TaraStaley: 1 times
  @SPressman: 1 times
  @deberryandgrant: 1 times
  @sherylalexande: 1 times
wifi_pirate mentions:
  @RyanHanni: 1 times
bottyb mentions:
  @mandsywoo: 1 times
  @MissJoJoSmith: 1 times
atl_mouseketeer mentions:
  @oates03: 1 times
  @findingmickey: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
  @summerbaby0727: 1 times
  @leodeeva: 1 times
  @NDM1: 1 times
econwriter5 mentions:
  @VisitChicago: 1 times
  @constructionlaw: 1 times
  @Pogue: 1 times
  @wsj: 1 times
  @theeconomist: 1 times
  @rww: 1 times
  @cyberlaw: 1 times
  @stcchicago: 1 times
jasononey mentions:
  @Sumoflam: 1 times
  @neth: 1 times
  @pkoduri: 1 times
awayblog mentions:
  @velvetescape: 1 times
  @MyMelange: 1 times
volumegroup mentions:
  @jamesread22: 1 times
amazinggreis mentions:
  @AmyElk: 1 times
karmakaze7 mentions:
  @ChrisHangsleben: 1 times
  @duanehansen: 1 times
rick_driscoll mentions:
  @RaymondAaron: 1 times
  @MariSmith: 1 times
djtracyyoung mentions:
  @smagggg: 1 times
coffeemaverick mentions:
  @Crystalgatefollowfriday: 1 times
  @WheatmarkSusan: 1 times
  @RebeccaLobo: 1 times
  @ArtistWhimsy: 1 times
  @RoseofAvalon: 1 times
  @RidetheLight: 1 times
  @JoanLunden: 1 times
  @coffeemaverick: 1 times
lion_loverpratz mentions:
  @HeatherIrvin: 1 times
  @valebrity: 1 times
  @theroxy: 1 times
  @twilightinsider: 1 times
  @twilightupdate: 1 times
  @robpattzaddict: 1 times
  @answerbitch: 1 times
  @FacinelliFans: 1 times
mangostina mentions:
  @AgustinaB: 1 times
lizwinks mentions:
  @maniacdev: 1 times
  @Clearsol: 1 times
  @mpinheir: 1 times
  @JustinMartinek: 1 times
  @silentpro: 1 times
itsmyers mentions:
  @redfly: 1 times
  @jentertainment: 1 times
  @ronanob: 1 times
  @gavind: 1 times
  @sdempsey: 1 times
  @buttonsdavis: 1 times
  @danielhunt: 1 times
  @justinparks: 1 times
  @niamhsmith: 1 times
  @IrelandXtreme: 1 times
  @: 1 times
daybydaydesign mentions:
  @designmom: 1 times
  @startupprincess: 1 times
  @twopeasandpod: 1 times
  @mickhagen: 1 times
  @thepottedpansy: 1 times
k8wolfe mentions:
  @loveandgluttony: 1 times
letrainbleu mentions:
  @follypdx: 1 times
  @patternperson: 1 times
  @shoppingscardio: 1 times
  @urbanweedsblog: 1 times
  @pdxFoodDude: 1 times
otcbbpromoter mentions:
  @investorlists: 1 times
  @stockpromotion: 1 times
  @investorabcs: 1 times
  @insideinvestor: 1 times
  @ACinvestorlists: 1 times
  @stockaccelerate: 1 times
wildelycreative mentions:
  @southportflower: 1 times
williammeeker mentions:
  @AlanDana: 1 times
  @CaTaxRevolt: 1 times
  @cupcakes5: 1 times
  @oblahblahma: 1 times
  @SteveShamy: 1 times
  @Boyd66: 1 times
neilspears mentions:
  @waitwait: 1 times
  @CutsHurtKids: 1 times
  @LATeducation: 1 times
  @WildNCrazyPearl: 1 times
  @StopHunger: 1 times
  @jstreetdotorg: 1 times
  @LAXOfficial: 1 times
  @NASA: 1 times
  @SYRF: 1 times
  @petersagal: 1 times
welovecocks mentions:
  @robotwood: 1 times
  @BeniHoff: 1 times
  @mrkie: 1 times
  @Neekatron: 1 times
  @rachielle: 1 times
esobinews mentions:
  @dyardley: 1 times
  @eSobiNews: 1 times
honeygeorge mentions:
  @FreshFeast: 1 times
firstbook mentions:
  @JustOneMoreBook: 1 times
  @read2RKids: 1 times
  @smartstartokc: 1 times
  @mobistories: 1 times
  @RIFWEB: 1 times
  @Kiva: 1 times
  @americorps: 1 times
  @sharestrength: 1 times
  @ashokatweets: 1 times
archer77 mentions:
  @HJSWritergal: 1 times
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @: 3 times
  @synovitsky: 1 times
tcbmoney mentions:
  @SmartSpending: 1 times
  @moolanomy: 1 times
  @MattJabs: 1 times
  @SunFinancial: 1 times
  @MoneyEnergy: 1 times
  @frugalforlife: 1 times
  @GreenPanda: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
  @ManVsDebt: 1 times
majorworks mentions:
  @DowningStreet: 1 times
maxturci mentions:
  @davidjtaylor: 1 times
  @Andreja: 1 times
  @markshaw: 1 times
deconstructor mentions:
  @TheOtherJeff: 1 times
  @chfbrian: 1 times
  @MrRichard: 1 times
  @naporeon: 1 times
  @RaijinQ: 1 times
  @jimmyking: 1 times
  @SevenDeluxe: 1 times
  @cwunch: 1 times
  @slignot: 1 times
giltokio mentions:
  @4mundo: 1 times
irinawardas mentions:
  @CatherineGrison: 1 times
ofmercy mentions:
  @katdish: 1 times
  @peterpollock: 1 times
  @br8kthru: 1 times
  @pwilson: 1 times
  @jewdacris: 1 times
  @kevinmartineau: 1 times
  @purichristos: 1 times
bpmdone mentions:
  @tabatthahairtips: 1 times
greena_v mentions:
  @JessicaLevin: 1 times
shawnnellbrown mentions:
  @lauralassiter@hireawebgeek: 1 times
  @TomZegan: 1 times
  @VirtualSharon: 1 times
  @JunePrissyDog: 1 times
  @tweeterline: 1 times
  @shawnnellbrown: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @steckles: 1 times
therobrose mentions:
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @SeanDonahoe: 1 times
walkingwil mentions:
  @PetLvr: 1 times
  @jelenawoehr: 1 times
  @HARTmarket@boutiqueshops: 1 times
  @WalkingWil: 1 times
  @chomaee: 1 times
trezzay mentions:
  @CarolineStern: 1 times
  @trinsgarcia: 1 times
meatheadfilms mentions:
  @dahoodhouse: 1 times
  @kaufmanwithak: 1 times
  @skiingrogge: 1 times
barbaraeyre mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
gerdoyle mentions:
  @dazzlingsmile09: 1 times
  @danriordan: 1 times
  @imanto: 1 times
  @Cortney1993: 1 times
  @cakester93: 1 times
  @NicSG: 1 times
  @arizonaheart: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @mileycyrus: 1 times
  @GerDoyle: 1 times
lovemesomedean mentions:
  @SiglotaBolota: 1 times
  @boydyboo: 1 times
  @Kelliekk: 1 times
reno313 mentions:
  @mstrbrightside: 1 times
  @DharmaBum35: 1 times
  @jennjenn94: 1 times
  @jnez: 1 times
  @njrugger45: 1 times
  @niceucguy: 1 times
  @billy3g: 1 times
  @freeballer30: 1 times
  @luvsdogystyle: 1 times
skyladawn mentions:
cabrowncoats mentions:
  @wrenbjor: 1 times
pwcarey mentions:
  @lisagerber: 1 times
  @boazf: 1 times
  @iowagirleats: 1 times
  @Nancydbrown: 1 times
  @twokidsandamap: 1 times
  @mpaynor: 1 times
  @KimMance: 1 times
cuisinemaison mentions:
  @Suggestionchef: 1 times
gotjuicygirl mentions:
  @BigBoobKimber: 1 times
  @ExtremeJohn: 1 times
  @TigerMadison: 1 times
  @StephLuva215: 1 times
  @lemmelickyou: 1 times
  @DungKing: 1 times
  @VoluptuousVal: 1 times
  @JaylaStarr: 1 times
  @ColonelK0rn: 1 times
lunaraven13 mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
cathoderaytube mentions:
  @stephenpglenn: 1 times
  @GayTimesMag: 1 times
  @AttitudeMag: 1 times
  @PeterTatchell: 1 times
  @delgalibdem: 1 times
spiderogumi_ mentions:
margysweeney mentions:
  @EnterpriseCity: 1 times
  @CrainsChicago: 1 times
foolkitlegal mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @SusanneUre: 1 times
  @Rex7: 1 times
andreakevans mentions:
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
jessicavivian8 mentions:
  @EcoMaids: 1 times
  @BostMarket: 1 times
  @AlbanyMommy: 1 times
  @potratz: 1 times
  @JessicaVivian8: 1 times
  @speakaboos: 1 times
  @northeastacura: 1 times
  @kidzcomfort: 1 times
queermonkey89 mentions:
  @AmericanTweets: 1 times
justindavenport mentions:
  @justindavenport: 1 times
nadodeeogee mentions:
  @JimniKricket: 1 times
  @LouPeb: 1 times
  @JinJinDoggy: 1 times
  @NadoDeeOgee: 1 times
  @BayChildcare: 1 times
  @dogopolis: 1 times
  @equineartista: 1 times
racketscience mentions:
  @serenajwilliams: 1 times
  @MrJustinChatwin: 1 times
  @daxholt: 1 times
  @andyroddick: 1 times
  @theruse: 1 times
  @celebsDOreply: 1 times
themartinbeat mentions:
  @hashmymusic: 1 times
sharondrew mentions:
  @allensmlm: 1 times
  @seabreezes: 1 times
  @Jiggsy91: 1 times
  @BizReviewer: 1 times
  @sharondrew: 1 times
  @garmahis: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @instyledecor: 1 times
  @TraceyArcari: 1 times
bonetm mentions:
  @nicneven: 1 times
  @rgarrell: 1 times
  @Aravine: 1 times
  @Ott01: 1 times
  @jacksorridente: 1 times
  @sidneygusman: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @swordsidhe: 1 times
  @formigavoadora: 1 times
cholie mentions:
  @davidblue: 1 times
  @wraithfodder: 1 times
  @brianjacobsmith: 1 times
  @loudphillips: 1 times
  @martingero: 1 times
  @janiehaddad: 1 times
  @marksavela: 1 times
lissymarie mentions:
  @lastylistmom: 1 times
missexpatria mentions:
  @CiaoLaura: 1 times
  @MyMelange: 1 times
  @ExpatCoachMegan: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @LesleyMorgan: 1 times
  @Czechin: 1 times
  @casinadirosa: 1 times
  @MarilynRes: 1 times
  @ItalyTravelista: 1 times
generalcounsel mentions:
  @remarx: 1 times
  @ApertureCapital: 1 times
  @PaulTTran: 1 times
kylebattis mentions:
  @tellman: 1 times
  @tomvenuto: 1 times
  @PatMarcello: 1 times
  @cosmocto: 1 times
  @mikepurvis: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @thecopybully: 1 times
  @gillamonster: 1 times
troyhadrick mentions:
  @OhioFarmBureau: 1 times
  @AgriLawyer: 1 times
  @SpenceAnderson: 1 times
  @FarmerHaley: 1 times
casperone mentions:
  @DavidRoff: 1 times
  @suarez: 1 times
jennyhanrahan mentions:
  @titanexcellence: 1 times
taikenkage mentions:
  @reemababy1: 1 times
  @Lamboswagga21: 1 times
  @missXchristal: 1 times
  @therealpnut: 1 times
  @chrisjbrandon: 1 times
  @TaikenKage: 1 times
  @Breedom2Be: 1 times
pixel_jockey mentions:
  @creativcurio: 1 times
  @cre8tn: 1 times
  @alydesigns: 1 times
  @MadysonDesigns: 1 times
  @TipSquirrel: 1 times
  @rhdesign: 1 times
pauloferreira1 mentions:
  @JPDIAS: 1 times
  @analuisa312: 1 times
  @angeloferreira: 1 times
  @cabreuamorim: 1 times
  @SusanaRMartins: 1 times
  @anleite: 1 times
  @ClaudiaProudPJ: 1 times
  @zinhapintobull: 1 times
  @paulogorjao: 1 times
cinematt01 mentions:
  @futuredirected: 1 times
  @vautrin: 1 times
  @ryannewyork: 1 times
  @amaditalks: 1 times
  @aduralde: 1 times
  @glaad: 1 times
  @jaketapper: 1 times
  @thehuffpost: 1 times
  @tlrd: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
greener_cleaner mentions:
  @pivotecofashion: 1 times
  @greenforyou: 1 times
  @theorganichome: 1 times
  @sustainablecook: 1 times
  @Pollannews: 1 times
  @enviroknow: 1 times
  @CheapTweet: 1 times
greenislam mentions:
  @Alkanz: 1 times
  @EmilieNourra: 1 times
  @Transtextuel: 1 times
  @zamzamdesign: 1 times
  @NissaBiootik: 1 times
  @512banque: 1 times
ronaldburgess mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
rottenappledd mentions:
  @brainycat: 1 times
  @ddflamingfox: 1 times
  @arthurtaubo: 1 times
  @rottenappledd: 1 times
  @ddjaded: 1 times
  @teebalicious: 1 times
  @biblealsosays: 1 times
  @equalityamerica: 1 times
  @lgbtlife: 1 times
glenncalexander mentions:
  @wilw: 1 times
jlove1982 mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
bourbanski mentions:
  @kimnishida: 1 times
  @BoUrbanski: 1 times
detroit4lyfe mentions:
  @adamcbest: 1 times
  @broncotalk: 1 times
  @stephbags: 1 times
  @Detroit4lyfe: 1 times
  @psamp: 1 times
  @DoucheLarue: 1 times
  @chrisilluminati: 1 times
  @DugoutSportShow: 1 times
  @SarahSpain: 1 times
altgate mentions:
jennifertice mentions:
  @greatfitness: 1 times
  @KellyOlexa: 1 times
  @Therawise: 1 times
  @RitchardFewell: 1 times
  @Chriscarroll50: 1 times
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @JillieKathleen: 1 times
  @gchance: 1 times
kivodesigns mentions:
  @lionburger: 1 times
  @fiedlercreative: 1 times
  @ALLISTERK: 1 times
  @NIKIBROWN: 1 times
  @NICKSERGEANT: 1 times
  @steyblind: 1 times
  @jasonrobb: 1 times
  @combustingboy: 1 times
  @refreshboston: 1 times
spamebaby mentions:
  @nancespa: 1 times
constructionlaw mentions:
  @Canvasman: 1 times
therealdjkrunk mentions:
  @HollywoodAliaz: 2 times
  @BerettaB: 1 times
  @SoBaySick: 1 times
  @JaylaStarr: 1 times
  @Kagneytweets: 1 times
  @djbooth: 1 times
feedroom mentions:
  @ADITools: 1 times
dakidlz mentions:
  @RocDaStylist: 1 times
  @monkeyblk: 1 times
  @GeNoroSity: 1 times
  @VicDaGreat: 1 times
  @FutureDaBoSs: 1 times
  @PauLWinGz: 1 times
  @dakidlz: 1 times
  @IonlychasedOe: 1 times
wellingtonmota mentions:
  @natvalarini: 1 times
  @kempcartunista: 1 times
  @andrepelotas: 1 times
  @Marcos: 1 times
  @nandanaru: 1 times
  @lifetrotter: 1 times
  @WellingtonMota: 1 times
  @tiagonepomuceno: 1 times
theseanibus mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
thesournurse mentions:
  @thecword: 1 times
  @thesournurse: 1 times
  @alittletrendy: 1 times
  @kweenie: 1 times
us_tennis mentions:
  @andyroddic: 1 times
  @serenajwilliams: 1 times
  @bryanbros: 1 times
  @travisparrott: 1 times
  @samquerrey: 1 times
  @amerdelic: 1 times
jaymzx mentions:
  @k2jlx: 1 times
capitolrock mentions:
  @bep: 1 times
sphynxcatboo mentions:
  @SinkDrink: 1 times
  @MedusaJ: 1 times
  @muldercat: 1 times
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
thejonsmith mentions:
  @mpsmith82: 1 times
  @dsmithxp: 1 times
  @mitchjolly: 1 times
  @jasonscroggins: 1 times
  @nodebtplan: 1 times
au_looney mentions:
  @PaulCraigUK: 1 times
  @Anneli76: 1 times
fayenora mentions:
  @stevestubbs: 1 times
  @AshleeGerring: 1 times
  @clairegreenway: 1 times
  @WestEndWitch: 1 times
  @hollie: 1 times
didiraja mentions:
  @cyborgt101: 1 times
  @samuelvarela: 1 times
coffeegoodness mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @Gnushound: 1 times
  @mqrun: 1 times
  @Lanecat2: 1 times
  @paSous: 1 times
  @flolenator: 1 times
  @timfernando: 1 times
  @Sugarhi: 1 times
  @CaroleJes: 1 times
talund mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
kabifff mentions:
  @CourtneyofDoom: 1 times
  @annar: 1 times
  @amycferguson: 1 times
  @diffshadeofred: 1 times
  @danilynn7: 1 times
  @akpotato: 1 times
writesourcing mentions:
  @waxgirl333: 1 times
  @segnavia: 1 times
  @lovelyginger: 1 times
  @weissacre: 1 times
  @writesourcing: 1 times
prprosandiego mentions:
  @carondg: 1 times
  @danielschorr: 1 times
surfingstoke mentions:
  @whitscott: 1 times
manpowerblawg mentions:
  @BillBoorman: 1 times
  @worldofworkblog: 1 times
  @Recruiting101: 1 times
  @aoakes: 1 times
  @foolkitlegal: 1 times
  @ndslotnick: 1 times
  @lruettimann: 1 times
  @manpowertalks: 1 times
leodpenrose mentions:
  @brascom: 1 times
  @IvoireofDTP: 1 times
  @SalDTP: 1 times
  @TKNCASH1: 1 times
  @officialjmelo: 1 times
  @ericalove84: 1 times
  @tcms12: 1 times
  @leodpenrose: 1 times
  @Dj: 1 times
  @TjsDjs: 1 times
karen230683 mentions:
  @deejay96: 1 times
  @JasonManford: 1 times
plrnoggin mentions:
  @JoeySmith: 1 times
scott___mcclure mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
knowahmein mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @KLBelvin: 1 times
  @KnowahMein: 1 times
  @LynnRachel09: 1 times
  @treverhart: 1 times
  @kristinnicole4: 1 times
  @natashapierre: 1 times
  @MsSabrinABaby: 1 times
shamfreakinwow mentions:
  @BestFlights: 1 times
  @CathrineFeehely: 1 times
  @SuziPomerantz: 1 times
  @TruthsCompany: 1 times
  @hrouda: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @sarchi: 1 times
  @DustinJMcClure: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
ana_bouvier mentions:
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @michelletacht: 1 times
matthaver mentions:
  @staffingamour: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @GrindFlu: 1 times
  @johnemerritt: 1 times
  @Katey3000: 1 times
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @Feelmyflow: 1 times
  @xlr8ted: 1 times
  @stacykinney: 1 times
liakov mentions:
  @fitprosarah: 1 times
  @shawnchev: 1 times
  @fitpro1: 1 times
  @angieschumacher: 1 times
  @bobgaron: 1 times
  @joshonefitness: 1 times
adamyonk mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @trivia: 1 times
  @cameronmoll: 1 times
  @facollective: 1 times
  @parkerfitzhenry: 1 times
  @davidbean: 1 times
jhfoundation mentions:
  @Morgan0214: 1 times
catchmedia mentions:
  @Lanesa: 1 times
  @catchmedia: 1 times
  @wpstudios: 1 times
  @hashmysql: 1 times
  @AmyStephen: 1 times
  @mybuzz: 1 times
  @paviles: 1 times
  @larrywmc: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 2 times
  @chadbordes: 1 times
carondg mentions:
  @danielschorr: 1 times
blogboy2 mentions:
  @creativehome: 1 times
  @PeaceSurvivor: 1 times
  @Studios92: 1 times
theapatrick mentions:
  @davidlpatrick: 1 times
  @CreativeStu: 1 times
imagewone mentions:
  @TheOriginators: 1 times
  @skinemufuca: 1 times
  @DJShakespeare: 1 times
  @MobZombie: 1 times
  @iamdiddy: 1 times
  @AskAboutLUST: 1 times
  @4down: 1 times
  @CANCEROUSONE: 1 times
citysage mentions:
  @bitsofbeauty: 1 times
  @cloverandbee: 1 times
  @elliottkaty: 1 times
  @casslavalle: 1 times
  @thisisglamorous: 1 times
  @creaturecomfort: 1 times
mapabraham mentions:
  @RaulinR: 1 times
  @carmenpadron: 1 times
  @NeuroDiaz: 1 times
  @simbiosisgroup: 1 times
  @IvanCarVE: 1 times
  @vampy: 1 times
  @carlamariela: 1 times
  @alexisperez: 1 times
  @fervezla: 1 times
dvdmzk mentions:
  @wiemeyer: 1 times
  @pichini: 1 times
drewao8 mentions:
  @rhysmorgan: 1 times
  @Tazz09: 1 times
  @ja6636com: 1 times
  @alexpato7: 1 times
  @MikeMo94: 1 times
  @15negra: 1 times
  @appulo: 1 times
  @iTouchMaster505: 1 times
  @saurik: 1 times
obisun mentions:
  @FilipinoFood: 1 times
  @yettagibsonfox: 1 times
  @judefox10: 1 times
  @Alonis: 1 times
  @ninadonline: 1 times
  @MinisterOfOrder: 1 times
  @BreakingNews: 1 times
  @tmonews: 1 times
  @DIRECTV: 1 times
thelynnbaby mentions:
  @jeremy423: 1 times
  @TheLynnBaby: 1 times
kristinrose mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @marniev: 1 times
  @ShariRene: 1 times
  @TherapistModel: 1 times
  @adeleposton: 1 times
  @KristinRose: 1 times
  @AleciaRichie: 1 times
  @kcwalker: 1 times
  @martyinplano: 1 times
  @Brat13: 1 times
pinkisbeauty3 mentions:
  @allthatglitrs21: 1 times
  @dulcecandy87: 1 times
  @emilynoel83: 1 times
  @fafinettex3: 1 times
  @xsparkage: 1 times
  @vintageortacky: 1 times
  @TwixtBetwixt: 1 times
  @TiffanyLD: 1 times
webguywebtie mentions:
  @HumanePinellas: 1 times
valeskaux mentions:
  @deanwhit: 1 times
  @semanticwill: 1 times
sexyseo mentions:
  @RuudHein: 1 times
  @briancarter: 1 times
juliekbarton mentions:
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @solcomhouse: 1 times
  @moonshinesoap: 1 times
  @Xynny: 1 times
  @JulieKBarton: 1 times
lochnesscullen mentions:
  @Charlottenomad: 1 times
  @Peternomad: 1 times
  @MakennaNomad: 1 times
ammos mentions:
  @pamelaribon: 1 times
richspeer mentions:
  @tgiovanetti: 1 times
  @johnboehner: 1 times
  @GOPLeader: 1 times
cartoonmoney mentions:
  @gewoonlianne: 1 times
old_world_prims mentions:
  @moonovermaize: 1 times
  @copaclaire: 1 times
  @thedrawingroom: 1 times
  @Terraworks: 1 times
  @pearliebird: 1 times
  @Xenotees: 1 times
  @ihearthandmade: 1 times
  @jealousydesign: 1 times
  @penguinandfish: 1 times
tcothub mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @TaniaGabrielle: 1 times
  @tcothub: 1 times
  @OnlyGadgetNews: 1 times
  @masterkati: 1 times
  @kathrynrre: 1 times
  @pdf2009: 1 times
  @michellemalkin: 1 times
stang5_0 mentions:
  @BullHornGuy: 1 times
  @RealJoeowner: 1 times
  @libertymarket: 1 times
  @joesreallbbq: 1 times
  @joesfarmgrill: 1 times
syllyone mentions:
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
divamatrix mentions:
  @brentspinner: 2 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
pjwashington mentions:
  @denyseduhaime: 2 times
  @nursemom90: 2 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @jenscloset: 1 times
lelly6868 mentions:
  @MartiLovesNKOTB: 1 times
  @Mccombgirl: 1 times
americac2c1 mentions:
  @mamacooks: 1 times
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
  @fahim113: 1 times
  @12gaBrowningGal: 1 times
  @TwitsNtwats: 1 times
  @breatheitin: 1 times
  @psalmistone: 1 times
  @agelessarbonne: 1 times
  @moneyr: 1 times
arjaya mentions:
  @Dmizejewski: 1 times
blabbeando mentions:
  @anniecorreal: 1 times
crrysstall mentions:
  @richmondmom: 1 times
  @rvanews: 1 times
  @crrysstall: 1 times
  @MoxeMediaGirl: 1 times
  @TopNotchrva: 1 times
lindavzisme mentions:
  @bertheymans: 1 times
  @fibol: 1 times
  @andywergedal: 1 times
  @jesuscarlos: 1 times
  @harkatur: 1 times
  @nickcobb: 1 times
  @jennifernavarro: 1 times
  @jeninvt: 1 times
  @francisojsaez: 1 times
  @ginaabudi: 1 times
heavenlybistro mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
faeristar mentions:
  @velvetella: 1 times
  @lostgirl66: 1 times
  @garymurning: 1 times
  @trudieanne: 1 times
leelabijou mentions:
  @cafehandmade: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @PamelaAngus: 1 times
  @SugarJones: 1 times
heatherhuhman mentions:
  @dmullen: 1 times
jessicadebra mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
cinnamonflower mentions:
  @ghentbaroli: 1 times
bullhornguy mentions:
  @VIPLivery: 1 times
agrilawyer mentions:
  @BeGreenSmart: 1 times
  @teensturningre: 1 times
  @biggreenbus: 1 times
stacy_elaine mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
zombologist mentions:
  @CvrstDrums: 1 times
  @mrrocknroll: 1 times
  @kristinalise: 1 times
  @zombologist: 1 times
  @hardrockchick: 1 times
  @muckypuppy: 1 times
  @vaultdweller79: 1 times
joke2far mentions:
  @jimlee00: 1 times
  @joke2far: 1 times
  @dirtyjade: 1 times
  @prbmph: 1 times
  @buberry: 1 times
leftlaneceo mentions:
  @AsianMartin: 1 times
  @caroverload: 1 times
  @hondagrrl: 1 times
  @wplayford: 1 times
  @kinetikpwr1: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @LEFTLANECEO: 1 times
  @tundrahq: 1 times
  @dustballdave: 1 times
futurefabric mentions:
  @Dezeen: 1 times
  @Cpluv: 1 times
  @FormFiftyFive: 1 times
  @itsnicethat: 1 times
mom2giqm mentions:
  @pizano3: 1 times
randomtka mentions:
  @lollieshopping: 1 times
  @mockoff: 1 times
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
lucrecerb mentions:
  @CarissaRogers: 1 times
  @dominosugar: 1 times
  @savorthethyme: 1 times
  @cupcakes5: 1 times
  @asimplewalk: 1 times
  @goodlifeeats: 1 times
  @sthrnfairytale: 1 times
getpaidatthebar mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
wyldh2o mentions:
  @ComfortSuitesOR: 1 times
thenewrich mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
mlmmarketer mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
trivanikids mentions:
  @THEONLYNELLYNEL: 1 times
  @terrystarkey1@Baciami1st: 1 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @Baciami1st: 1 times
andrewkamchi mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
imarketwisely mentions:
  @Baciami1st: 2 times
  @Silkytooth: 1 times
  @sammyrichards: 1 times
  @lindi: 1 times
  @JimPap: 1 times
  @Luv4Animation: 1 times
  @jgillardi: 1 times
aloha09 mentions:
  @broaloha: 1 times
  @ChefMaxient: 1 times
  @LizzyDishes: 1 times
  @savor: 1 times
  @LunaCafe: 1 times
  @kauaimare: 1 times
  @wika2: 1 times
  @andybumatai: 1 times
  @kk: 1 times
dekra mentions:
  @sillycows: 2 times
  @GirlieGossip: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
  @dekra: 1 times
  @itspink: 1 times
  @LuciaPia: 1 times
  @HoneyDrop76: 1 times
djskla mentions:
  @Axwell: 1 times
  @HousePlanet: 1 times
paydayloanlady mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @incognitoblue: 1 times
  @drebaxter: 1 times
  @frkygeek: 1 times
  @HemalRadia: 1 times
  @lorenfogelman: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
  @RetiredTeacherD: 1 times
  @wrldtravlincb: 1 times
ludvig mentions:
  @KarlBohlin: 1 times
kla_believer mentions:
  @7726: 1 times
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
bessyn mentions:
  @BennettKlein: 1 times
brentcodemonkey mentions:
  @franciscojsaez: 1 times
  @cloudEq: 1 times
  @datapeddler: 1 times
  @BrentCodeMonkey: 1 times
johnnyfirecloud mentions:
radiocbs mentions:
  @wyclef: 1 times
  @thesoup: 1 times
  @eonline: 1 times
  @hwoodpartygirl: 1 times
  @923NowFM: 1 times
workfromwithin mentions:
  @KaraSorensen: 1 times
ashleyandco mentions:
  @casalinda: 1 times
jasonhargrove mentions:
  @dj6ual: 1 times
  @henzerheap: 1 times
  @lenammi: 1 times
louisemayes mentions:
  @aeam1: 1 times
dariovj mentions:
  @Shispy: 1 times
madalyn mentions:
  @Madalyn: 1 times
  @wraithfodder: 1 times
rodthman mentions:
  @rodthman: 1 times
clare16jblover mentions:
  @shereenstrachan: 1 times
  @Fuzzy2230: 1 times
  @FlyWithMeDanger: 1 times
  @RQOCJD: 1 times
  @cakester93: 1 times
boomps mentions:
  @JessicaLXY: 1 times
  @RobTSmith: 1 times
  @Melville183: 1 times
  @coolrewards: 1 times
  @boomps: 1 times
  @globetrotteri: 1 times
  @WilliamFro: 1 times
julieannturner mentions:
  @WordPressWizard: 1 times
  @PublishingCoach: 1 times
  @JulieAnnTurner: 1 times
  @BloggingBetty: 1 times
  @SmartStartCoach: 1 times
  @stumclaren: 1 times
brianviloria mentions:
  @davereardon: 1 times
  @BrianViloria: 1 times
customshop mentions:
  @CLTdining: 1 times
  @PaperSkyscraper: 1 times
discowhore mentions:
  @Firebird86: 1 times
  @ChrisMute97: 1 times
tishmackay mentions:
  @amandaspetcare: 1 times
  @aprilziegler: 1 times
  @tishmackay: 1 times
  @cowbelly: 1 times
  @dcphotog: 1 times
  @julesmelfi: 1 times
  @jennysloan1: 1 times
  @coldnosephoto: 1 times
adamtootle mentions:
  @KalynM: 1 times
courtspencer mentions:
knotylion mentions:
  @markolivas: 1 times
  @HailMaryJane: 1 times
  @KnotyLion: 1 times
  @perlorian: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @denyreligion: 1 times
  @riotsqurrl: 1 times
  @KrunkMcFunk: 1 times
  @HalfassBackwa: 1 times
winewonkette mentions:
  @enobytes: 2 times
  @RickBakas: 1 times
  @dirtysouthwine: 1 times
naomilaine mentions:
stygldpnyby mentions:
  @joshishollywood: 1 times
panimation mentions:
  @midalioness7: 1 times
  @Alonis: 1 times
  @KenaHoward: 1 times
  @HarryPotter: 1 times
  @JobsElPaso: 1 times
  @blellow: 1 times
  @paultheplumber: 1 times
  @KFOX14: 1 times
  @Panimation: 1 times
phelippa mentions:
  @FollowSlendah: 1 times
  @lisabirch: 1 times
  @phelippa: 1 times
  @MorganMandel: 1 times
  @caribbeancarmel: 1 times
tmason47 mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @johnnortonosv: 1 times
  @Vader101: 1 times
  @robertlahue: 1 times
  @PartyGurle: 1 times
  @Ladyisatraveler: 1 times
  @alwayswritegerl: 1 times
  @MollieMaye: 1 times
  @padrejorge: 1 times
canvasman mentions:
  @tjholthaus: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @conservogirl: 1 times
  @OneVeritas: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @BrainGuyJerry: 1 times
astrodilettante mentions:
  @ISStation: 1 times
  @twisst: 1 times
ciscobrewers mentions:
  @kevdiamond: 1 times
  @ciscobrewers: 1 times
jimrobinsonlaw mentions:
  @ForbesAMPC: 1 times
solessence mentions:
  @bohtieque: 1 times
  @Level3Media: 1 times
  @SarahHorvat: 1 times
  @toddbrink: 1 times
  @glossmenagerie: 1 times
  @linzb: 1 times
brunalouise mentions:
  @gossipgirl: 1 times
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @michelletracht: 1 times
1chicgeek mentions:
  @AQHA: 1 times
  @americashorse: 1 times
  @aqhajournal: 1 times
  @aqharacing: 1 times
  @aqhhof: 1 times
  @aqhaoutfitters: 1 times
chappelleccia mentions:
  @crystalchappell: 1 times
  @BigPurpleDreams: 1 times
  @Destini41: 1 times
daniellews mentions:
  @michelletracht: 1 times
falzonecalzone mentions:
  @JasonReitman: 1 times
  @michaelbay: 1 times
pattysky mentions:
  @Markable: 1 times
  @PattySky: 1 times
  @PerLight: 1 times
  @Thefixer: 1 times
  @GeekySteph: 1 times
wilkesey mentions:
  @maximumswearing: 1 times
candireign mentions:
  @BabyMakinMachin: 1 times
  @Mama2Kings: 1 times
  @Jazziy: 1 times
  @Rhispect: 1 times
  @NewYorkDiva: 1 times
  @mochamomma: 1 times
  @Coolea: 1 times
  @demarislynee: 1 times
  @mrsmarymack: 1 times
niteinggail mentions:
  @KevinSpacey: 1 times
  @jumblejim: 1 times
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @ChadLindberg: 1 times
  @MyBigBreak: 1 times
  @stuartnewsom: 1 times
  @DavidFaustino: 1 times
  @TomFelton: 1 times
jhgrant mentions:
  @jimnnoke: 1 times
kevinmhuff mentions:
  @SkipAnderson: 1 times
writenowbiz mentions:
  @juliannerowat: 1 times
  @kappa704: 1 times
  @crckrmn77: 1 times
ratraceescapee mentions:
  @AndyNC: 1 times
  @thedesktoptutor: 1 times
  @kelvinhew: 1 times
  @evankopelson: 1 times
  @angelabrooks: 1 times
  @: 1 times
advcharlotte mentions:
  @adventurevida: 1 times
wendyculpepper mentions:
  @fashionpulse: 2 times
  @theswellcloset: 1 times
  @fashionretweet: 1 times
  @catwalkqueen: 1 times
  @felsull: 1 times
  @shefinds: 1 times
  @secondcitystyle: 1 times
web2cero mentions:
  @nazareth: 1 times
  @stefanyjovel: 1 times
  @rokensa: 1 times
  @soysalvadoreno: 1 times
  @mfunes: 1 times
  @Lulimon: 1 times
  @RealVoiceMedia: 1 times
  @premiumsam01: 1 times
  @imfernando: 1 times
  @hashjoomla: 1 times
eldridge2m mentions:
  @dtapscott: 1 times
  @mikestafford: 1 times
  @wk4coffee: 1 times
  @eldridge2m: 1 times
  @maritar: 1 times
  @axels: 1 times
  @paulsloane: 1 times
  @Pingtweets: 1 times
entreprediva mentions:
  @THEDIAMONDCOACH: 1 times
  @GenaLivings: 1 times
brittdeezy mentions:
  @JimmyChung: 1 times
  @brittdeezy: 1 times
  @blueyez26: 1 times
  @EastbayCareers: 1 times
  @Eastbay: 1 times
  @ccsskateshop: 1 times
  @DFSEllen: 1 times
tarlese mentions:
  @Getconfident: 1 times
  @GaryDashney: 1 times
  @ChrisStapleton: 1 times
  @holdemtalkradio: 1 times
  @MajaSmiling: 1 times
  @tarlese: 1 times
  @AdelardGasana: 1 times
  @MartinSejas: 1 times
flyyboibaby mentions:
  @maestro: 1 times
bloowriter mentions:
  @iluvblackwomen: 1 times
  @Jahlill: 1 times
  @bloowriter: 1 times
  @ReneeFlagler: 1 times
  @CarpeDiemMag: 1 times
  @devonsVip: 1 times
juliapalasinska mentions:
  @Ladyfoofoo: 1 times
darthmolen mentions:
  @HDNetFights: 2 times
goodwolve mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
specialjules mentions:
  @nickie72: 1 times
  @MIJA: 1 times
  @specialJules: 1 times
  @laurajanethomas29: 1 times
starrstudded mentions:
  @TweetMyWedding: 1 times
  @CandiCunningham: 1 times
  @regalaffair: 1 times
  @BlissBridalShoe: 1 times
  @starrstudded: 1 times
  @WhiteLuxShoes: 1 times
madisonroad mentions:
  @pitchinvasion: 1 times
  @midnightrevs: 1 times
  @persian: 1 times
  @jeffkasssouf: 1 times
  @joshhw: 1 times
  @thesoccerdon: 1 times
  @sockington: 1 times
  @matchfitusa: 1 times
  @glorygloryrevolution: 1 times
freakyweb mentions:
  @tootrue: 1 times
  @bitslaw: 1 times
  @danrom81: 1 times
  @jackbremer: 1 times
  @baldheadmedia: 1 times
anisamissy mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
pamoscott mentions:
  @kaj33: 1 times
  @visitspokane: 1 times
  @johnsonjoe: 1 times
  @kxly4news: 1 times
  @KREM2Sports: 1 times
  @nlawhead: 1 times
  @Newstalk590: 1 times
  @experiencewa: 1 times
bluevixen mentions:
  @Explosm: 1 times
  @daveexplosm: 1 times
  @RobDenBleyker: 1 times
  @MattMelvin: 1 times
missiondiary mentions:
  @ChristianRep: 1 times
chironokeefe mentions:
  @dvdlpz: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @webcardiff: 1 times
  @Theworkingdad: 1 times
  @Cathpaincoach: 1 times
  @LearnSolMary: 1 times
  @CemeterySpot: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @gamehouse: 1 times
ihospitalitysam mentions:
  @heidimorton: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @GreenPeaceFan: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @TCusack247: 1 times
  @Hoboprophet: 1 times
  @oreoking: 1 times
nibuca mentions:
  @ratshag: 1 times
jenniferdavis27 mentions:
  @bestdamn: 1 times
anlinas mentions:
  @AboutVetMed: 1 times
  @TheDolittleVet: 1 times
  @aspca: 1 times
  @catster: 1 times
  @consciouscats: 1 times
  @GoFetchGifts: 1 times
  @petethevet: 1 times
magrnt mentions:
  @djkelly: 1 times
  @glenkrueger: 1 times
  @Halcohol: 1 times
  @danpagan: 1 times
  @nenshi: 1 times
  @civiccampyyc: 1 times
  @trasie: 1 times
  @CalgaryCowbell: 1 times
  @grant: 1 times
  @Rotated: 1 times
cat_man_du mentions:
  @raywilson: 1 times
foundclothing mentions:
  @pivotecofashion: 1 times
  @greenforyou: 1 times
  @theorganichome: 1 times
  @sustainablecook: 1 times
  @Pollannews: 1 times
  @enviroknow: 1 times
  @CheapTweet: 1 times
  @greenopia: 1 times
chickielou mentions:
  @bodiegroup: 1 times
adelamaide mentions:
  @levihenry: 1 times
  @stephbarnard: 1 times
  @LynetteChapman: 1 times
  @sheasylvia: 1 times
  @CarlyHolmes: 1 times
  @joshdutcher: 1 times
  @dustindeckard: 1 times
  @tylerstalder: 1 times
curiousheidihi mentions:
  @Loster: 1 times
  @NurseForHealth: 1 times
  @curiousHeidiHi: 1 times
  @monagraysonnice: 1 times
xtellev mentions:
  @foodimages: 1 times
  @fotowala: 1 times
  @bobbigmac: 1 times
redravine mentions:
  @EliseBlackwell: 1 times
  @NewPages: 1 times
  @unbridledbooks: 1 times
  @EmilyMandel: 1 times
  @michaelnobbs: 1 times
  @LitChat: 1 times
  @Powells: 1 times
  @dailyzen: 1 times
dogingham mentions:
  @ecopup: 1 times
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
peterpollock mentions:
hotel_deluxe mentions:
  @ConciergeQHip: 1 times
  @TiaraHotels: 1 times
  @fairmonthotels: 1 times
  @beijingfairmont: 1 times
  @Kimpton: 1 times
  @TheDrakeHotel: 1 times
  @hotelmax: 1 times
  @hoteldeluxe: 1 times
yanksfan24 mentions:
  @YankeesWFAN: 1 times
  @ProctorsArm: 1 times
  @bryanhoch: 1 times
  @YanxGamesUpdate: 1 times
  @PeteAbe: 1 times
  @YankeeGirl20: 1 times
  @NickSwisher: 1 times
  @yanksfanatic: 1 times
tomfuva mentions:
  @YoungAndJobless: 1 times
  @sweetcareers: 1 times
celestestewart mentions:
  @fannyfae: 1 times
  @TheRaeRae: 1 times
  @jeremyduns: 1 times
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @mmj5170: 1 times
  @CelesteStewart: 1 times
  @Ymoinda: 1 times
hiltonanaheim mentions:
  @DisneyDean: 1 times
  @hels33: 1 times
  @heymckate: 1 times
  @HiddenMickey: 1 times
  @hiddendisney: 1 times
  @HiltonAnaheim: 1 times
  @HitchHikinGhst: 1 times
  @hunttalent: 1 times
troptraditions mentions:
  @Foodimentary: 1 times
joshdutcher mentions:
  @levihenry: 1 times
  @stephbarnard: 1 times
  @adelamaide: 1 times
  @LynetteChapman: 1 times
  @sheasylvia: 1 times
  @CarlyHolmes: 1 times
  @joshdutcher: 1 times
  @dustindeck: 1 times
tamahomejenkins mentions:
  @tomosama: 1 times
  @atomicpoet: 1 times
msamyjo mentions:
  @Oceanisleinn: 1 times
  @BiltmoreEstate: 1 times
  @broyhillinn: 1 times
wormangel mentions:
  @gossipgirl: 1 times
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @michelletracht: 1 times
bestbullysticks mentions:
  @workthatdog: 1 times
  @bestbullysticks: 1 times
karen_rands mentions:
  @pathomas2009Learn: 1 times
the_leedog mentions:
  @markolivas: 1 times
  @SpectrumCulture: 1 times
  @TheLeedog: 1 times
  @LAWeekly: 1 times
  @ElBueno: 1 times
  @dtla: 1 times
thewillb mentions:
  @willschiff: 1 times
  @Devindra: 1 times
renee_innosight mentions:
  @MarionChapsal: 1 times
mattbovell mentions:
  @OwenGreaves: 1 times
  @marty0518: 1 times
iwantmymtv35 mentions:
  @krstnahrnandz: 1 times
  @mccraemalcolm: 1 times
  @Madonnaboy80: 1 times
tommi24 mentions:
  @siremusicgroup: 1 times
  @tinaeclark: 1 times
  @c: 1 times
  @mattyfatty216: 1 times
  @darknlovelee: 1 times
  @tommi24: 1 times
  @SiriusMzStylez: 1 times
  @christianaty: 1 times
  @BDaht: 1 times
  @MissKemi: 1 times
superkingdom mentions:
  @PCompassion: 1 times
  @centeronafrica: 1 times
  @VOMC: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @margiemiguel: 1 times
  @mcProdigal: 1 times
  @hcjb: 1 times
  @BetterHumanRace: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @jmillerjr: 1 times
  @M: 1 times
xlusive mentions:
  @JayHundred: 2 times
  @XLUSIVE: 2 times
  @AKPhotography09: 1 times
  @Cisco5: 1 times
  @Rica23: 1 times
  @ZOOLAY: 1 times
  @SassyMorena: 1 times
coden1nj4 mentions:
  @StoneZoneShow: 1 times
  @stonerjesus420: 1 times
  @MonsterWW: 1 times
  @JISHJOSH: 1 times
  @INDOEKITTY: 1 times
  @hashlinux: 1 times
  @hashphp: 1 times
  @bsdpunk: 1 times
  @mopedronin: 1 times
  @pcopley: 1 times
ladyjennie mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
moxye mentions:
  @HouseboysOfWeho: 1 times
inkognegro mentions:
  @newSaga: 1 times
shuggilippo mentions:
  @TheShugg: 1 times
  @lile: 1 times
kulia mentions:
  @SusinaBakery: 1 times
  @heathervescent: 1 times
dana_morrow mentions:
  @energyme: 1 times
  @adido: 1 times
  @restaurantkiosk: 1 times
  @MikePeritore: 1 times
brettbrownell mentions:
  @michaelbay: 1 times
  @thejohnblog: 1 times
sportsin140 mentions:
  @sahyder1: 1 times
  @dsportsdaily: 1 times
  @EdThompson: 1 times
susanlevinson mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @JustTweets: 1 times
  @studiobpr: 1 times
  @SusanLevinson: 1 times
  @HubSpot: 1 times
  @BlackWeb20: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
noalpvem mentions:
  @zollikerfollowfriday: 1 times
  @bienjoto: 1 times
  @juanburgos: 1 times
  @mmiuxx: 1 times
  @anaserrano: 1 times
  @noalpvem: 1 times
  @ramonmier: 1 times
grandmamarilyn mentions:
  @EtsyTX: 1 times
  @apunkincardco: 1 times
  @bethiemoo: 1 times
  @birdysknits: 1 times
  @diamondaj: 1 times
  @deathlycuteetsy: 1 times
  @dollbabedesigns: 1 times
timothyburke mentions:
  @mailgeek: 1 times
  @EdDriscoll: 1 times
  @Seorse: 1 times
  @TimothyBurke: 1 times
  @bradhanks: 1 times
  @kenjbarnes1: 1 times
mami2mommy mentions:
  @PPDiva: 1 times
  @rachaelcoe: 1 times
  @Mami2Mommy: 1 times
  @RantRaveRoll: 1 times
  @PainterMommy: 1 times
  @SugarJones: 1 times
  @stickysweetmom: 1 times
erasmovelez mentions:
  @RatRaceEscapee: 1 times
  @JuliaRymut: 1 times
  @Perig: 1 times
  @luvyaa: 1 times
  @franklinanciano: 1 times
  @zdeluca: 1 times
stanluca mentions:
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @michelletracht: 1 times
  @missdixi: 1 times
edbisquera mentions:
  @markshilensky: 1 times
  @BobTheTeacher: 1 times
  @FeliciaSlattery: 1 times
  @BarefootExec: 1 times
  @AskMrVideo: 1 times
  @LifeClassroom: 1 times
  @TheMediaCzar: 1 times
placesense mentions:
  @nycUlla: 1 times
  @Olivemedia: 1 times
  @lonepine: 1 times
  @placesense: 1 times
  @clairesvt: 1 times
  @jackmonger: 1 times
  @EGustavson: 1 times
  @VTexchange: 1 times
  @greenhorns: 1 times
marisagrace mentions:
  @fakeronnburner: 1 times
jeffdbrown mentions:
  @SpiritCoach1: 1 times
  @jeffdbrown: 1 times
  @mtnmd: 1 times
  @itsimmediate: 1 times
  @myinnerworld: 1 times
  @DougBench: 1 times
  @marwilliamson: 1 times
psyrax mentions:
  @altuzar: 2 times
  @boyzo: 1 times
  @catpow3r: 1 times
  @psyrax: 1 times
  @ppluigui: 1 times
bradyambler mentions:
joanne7964 mentions:
  @BBBellezzaRT: 1 times
  @nothingbtstring: 1 times
  @scrappyb: 1 times
  @hilariagallery: 1 times
  @craftingadvice: 1 times
  @sisterdiane: 1 times
  @babyblankets: 1 times
  @knittyandcolor: 1 times
nikbeedham mentions:
  @hopefulauthor: 1 times
lmyeaney mentions:
  @Raatek: 1 times
  @mizzwelch: 1 times
  @Jass53: 1 times
  @russellmlewis: 1 times
  @westham999: 1 times
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @lmyeaney: 1 times
nwahs086 mentions:
  @TweetCaroline: 1 times
  @BuckyDiggs: 1 times
  @LiveAuctions: 1 times
  @TheyCallMeEllis: 1 times
  @nwahs086: 1 times
  @ctt1wbw: 1 times
  @Kajunmantx: 1 times
  @CajunMama: 1 times
rockingjamboree mentions:
  @taurenlegend: 1 times
evinsmj mentions:
  @davidrsheehan: 1 times
  @momminitup: 1 times
  @cmduke: 1 times
  @sherrymn: 1 times
  @ajwms: 1 times
  @JaytheBigLug: 1 times
  @moiraalter: 1 times
monzeehh mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
babyslanguage mentions:
  @PhilReinhardt: 1 times
musicjess mentions:
  @BrendaMejia: 1 times
  @MeghanCupcakes: 1 times
  @jessiclesftw: 1 times
  @linalrae: 1 times
  @loldave: 1 times
  @kristaduhh: 1 times
  @MadisonLindley: 1 times
  @AprilFerocious: 1 times
dynamoe mentions:
  @swilkes: 1 times
j_churchill mentions:
  @bathbad2: 1 times
  @Praxilla: 1 times
cunningpike mentions:
  @andrewsmhay: 1 times
  @blprnt: 1 times
  @BrianLynch: 1 times
  @cringley: 1 times
  @flynavy: 1 times
  @gattaca: 1 times
  @nvandistrict: 1 times
  @spolsky: 1 times
evilchris4 mentions:
  @thisisrobster: 1 times
  @mlse: 1 times
  @felixpotvin: 1 times
leburlesquenoir mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinnerLOL: 1 times
belcasas mentions:
  @bstiteler: 1 times
  @birdchick: 1 times
bebomora mentions:
  @arturodiaz: 1 times
joncarlston mentions:
  @ValcorUSA: 1 times
helpindyonline mentions:
  @chadrichards: 1 times
  @NickiLaycoax: 1 times
  @KingDavidDogs: 1 times
danpagan mentions:
  @djkelly: 1 times
  @glenkrueger: 1 times
  @Halcohol: 1 times
  @nenshi: 1 times
  @civiccampyyc: 1 times
  @trasie: 1 times
  @CalgaryCowbell: 1 times
  @magrnt: 1 times
  @grant: 1 times
  @Rotated: 1 times
wizardzofwealth mentions:
  @openrsm: 1 times
  @DenverCoachGreg: 1 times
  @wizardzofwealth: 1 times
  @kader1970: 1 times
  @BenandLouise: 1 times
bizmarketing4u mentions:
  @StripySocks: 1 times
  @Km4KT: 1 times
paigeholden mentions:
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
  @jaybaer: 1 times
simone_lima mentions:
  @fabiomc: 1 times
  @teacherafael: 1 times
  @gabrielpevide: 1 times
  @vitorpinheiro: 1 times
  @elisamancio: 1 times
  @tuliomartinez: 1 times
  @fabiopinheiro: 1 times
  @giulianoirmaos: 1 times
  @gurtat: 1 times
damianobroin mentions:
  @parkeslife: 1 times
  @Robbiecousins: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
madmootoys mentions:
  @mumofsix: 1 times
agirlcalledbob mentions:
  @comiccon09: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @sdzombiewalk: 1 times
mlb_chivino mentions:
  @yogurteur: 1 times
  @brewerjason: 1 times
  @InranetBuilder: 1 times
  @chicagostyle: 1 times
  @CityGirl912: 1 times
  @markbchicago: 1 times
  @YogiJones: 1 times
  @StyleHop: 1 times
  @BillyDec: 1 times
  @MOgulnick: 1 times
stellargy mentions:
  @FoodAllergic: 1 times
thierry_d mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 2 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
teresamedeiros mentions:
  @TheKarenHawkins: 1 times
  @Iwhodareswins: 1 times
  @roxannestclaire: 1 times
  @KarenTempleton: 1 times
  @SmartBitches: 1 times
  @alyssaday: 1 times
  @KathrynSmith: 1 times
pyeman mentions:
  @thetrudz: 1 times
  @newmediaphoto: 1 times
  @Pyeman: 1 times
  @matthewdlyons: 1 times
  @ArtByIDEITY: 1 times
elmerhurlstone mentions:
  @TheSpotter: 1 times
hannah_curran mentions:
murray1134 mentions:
  @StripySocks: 1 times
  @Km4KT: 1 times
justineplays mentions:
  @spreadmag: 1 times
esksmith77 mentions:
  @mishikraz: 1 times
  @esksmith77: 1 times
frenchshuicafe mentions:
  @lacouvee: 1 times
simplydishing mentions:
  @ThePlanner: 1 times
  @Organizerbooks: 1 times
  @SimplyDishing: 1 times
leorodriguez mentions:
  @carlagm22: 1 times
  @ingdanielh: 1 times
snowflakeyoga mentions:
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
ravoxx mentions:
  @azunix: 2 times
  @benelsen: 1 times
  @JollySea: 1 times
  @jamendo: 1 times
  @ravoxx: 1 times
runnrgrl mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @runnrgrl: 1 times
  @trichick76: 1 times
  @Nessabanks: 1 times
  @Cyberiasnow: 1 times
  @spinninggirl: 1 times
wiztv mentions:
  @CopaTV: 1 times
  @PrinceKhalil: 1 times
  @djenvy: 1 times
  @brikx: 1 times
  @wiztv: 1 times
  @1stladyel: 1 times
  @rnbapril: 1 times
  @freebleudavinci: 1 times
  @slicktalkj: 1 times
  @tyfyffetv: 1 times
  @iamunkasa: 1 times
boones6433 mentions:
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
ryerauls mentions:
  @mometzler: 1 times
falconero6 mentions:
  @Tokyogogo: 1 times
  @sporksf: 1 times
  @21stAmendment: 1 times
  @lafuriachalaca: 1 times
  @lunaparksf: 1 times
dawnjohnston mentions:
  @UncompletedWork: 1 times
  @WGCtweet: 1 times
targetstars mentions:
  @BizSupport4U: 1 times
  @MarsVA: 1 times
  @pbelyeu: 1 times
  @TargetStars: 1 times
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @YourSavvyVA: 1 times
weddingwindow mentions:
  @andreasjewelry: 1 times
  @DenverWedding: 1 times
sequenchlr mentions:
  @BradHP: 1 times
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
  @DavidGallaher: 1 times
  @batmanobviously: 1 times
  @Sequenchlr: 1 times
  @sexyarmpit: 1 times
rocketjsquirrel mentions:
  @ErinCNN: 1 times
desmondaldridge mentions:
  @albinokid: 1 times
oakleafgreen mentions:
  @SeasonalWisdom: 1 times
  @Gardenwiseguy: 1 times
  @susancohan: 1 times
  @Arcadia1: 1 times
  @JeanAnnVK: 1 times
  @Shibaguyz: 1 times
  @DoubleDanger: 1 times
  @susanlmorrison: 1 times
  @Plantpassion: 1 times
mikegongol mentions:
  @mikegongol: 8 times
twentyfour mentions:
  @SteveInTheOC: 1 times
  @Queenie249: 1 times
  @TereneJ: 1 times
  @BeautifulWreck2: 1 times
  @Onlyaman: 1 times
  @262RUNR: 1 times
  @LizzysBits: 1 times
crismitchell mentions:
  @cornforthimages: 1 times
  @microstockgroup: 1 times
  @fotofugitive: 1 times
  @sirimo: 1 times
  @crismitchell: 1 times
  @jonoringer: 1 times
suchapbear mentions:
  @akaSASHA: 1 times
  @queershoulder: 1 times
  @Jason: 1 times
  @feastoffun: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
  @thelesbianmafia: 1 times
  @NoOnProp8: 1 times
  @freedomtomarry: 1 times
nandwags mentions:
  @mattdonn: 1 times
  @questlove: 1 times
  @babyvegaz: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @stephentcolbert: 1 times
  @answerbitch: 1 times
capecodjewel mentions:
  @joslinjewels: 1 times
  @IslaLuna: 1 times
  @EtsyTwitrTeam: 1 times
  @myaphrodite: 1 times
  @sunbug: 1 times
rewebcoach mentions:
  @AnnMarieRealtor: 1 times
  @AudreyForshey: 1 times
detlef_c mentions:
  @Jessemac74: 2 times
  @Emberr: 1 times
  @PBSmitty: 1 times
  @yunechka: 1 times
  @wallstreetgeek: 1 times
  @Kwamster: 1 times
  @jonlin98: 1 times
  @ReallyShecky: 1 times
bernardx mentions:
  @televisionary: 1 times
  @drhorrible: 1 times
  @tarynsouthern: 1 times
  @angiecole: 1 times
  @kateoh: 1 times
  @davidlawrencexvii: 1 times
  @mia: 1 times
  @cathybaron: 1 times
  @bjlaflin: 1 times
  @agentm: 1 times
  @jrorci: 1 times
therell mentions:
  @ogwilson: 1 times
  @amari3: 1 times
  @caesar84: 1 times
  @kapado: 1 times
  @phoenix410: 1 times
  @therell: 1 times
  @blackboyunltd: 1 times
  @EAROM: 1 times
pdxweddings mentions:
  @EmbarkCreative: 1 times
  @portlandspa: 1 times
  @shieldsfilms: 1 times
  @LuxuryOregon: 1 times
  @SimplyJoDesigns: 1 times
  @heathersharpe: 1 times
  @WeddingCottage: 1 times
playboy mentions:
  @hollymadison123: 1 times
  @BunnyBridget: 1 times
  @KendraWilkinson: 1 times
alleysplace mentions:
  @Smiletrain: 1 times
  @Kiva: 1 times
  @playpumps: 1 times
  @aquathon: 1 times
kenamorgan mentions:
  @nbrx: 1 times
  @elmulder: 1 times
  @lucerna: 1 times
  @vakit: 1 times
  @davidmendoza: 1 times
  @machate: 1 times
  @Ahyno: 1 times
slackmistress mentions:
  @jasonburns: 1 times
  @LAGenX: 2 times
kryptonflo mentions:
  @maxhtaylor: 1 times
  @jallinso: 1 times
  @mbchapma: 1 times
  @kryptonflo: 1 times
  @constantlburts: 1 times
  @yayoproductionz: 1 times
  @ivanuskokovic: 1 times
  @jdotscarlett: 1 times
djslikk mentions:
  @DJPKNoW: 1 times
  @jayclassik: 1 times
  @djhellayella: 1 times
  @djslikk: 1 times
  @djmikeni: 1 times
timwd mentions:
  @jazcan: 1 times
  @tomhanks: 1 times
mdsuburbs mentions:
  @rewebcoach: 1 times
  @AnnMarieRealtor: 1 times
  @AudreyForshey: 1 times
isabelabela mentions:
  @vitorwho: 1 times
  @IsabelaBela: 1 times
andazweho mentions:
  @theVIPERroom: 1 times
  @thesunsetstrip: 1 times
  @liveonsunset: 1 times
  @keyclub: 1 times
  @hobsunset: 1 times
  @booksoup: 1 times
  @Theroxy: 1 times
  @standardhwood: 1 times
  @thecomedystore: 1 times
monikasirolli mentions:
  @cesarmillan: 1 times
surlyamy mentions:
  @SusietheGeek: 1 times
  @DrRachie: 1 times
  @dELYSEious: 1 times
  @DrKiki: 1 times
  @Masalaskeptic: 1 times
  @rebeccawatson: 1 times
2praisegod mentions:
  @2PraiseGod: 1 times
  @FaithChild: 1 times
maryanndevine mentions:
  @TCP: 1 times
freshxprincess mentions:
  @rainnwilsonfollowfriday: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
jayda_b mentions:
saip106 mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
empowertweets mentions:
  @faithrivera: 1 times
torlanco mentions:
  @lopezrosario: 1 times
  @nativiris: 1 times
  @pabloiv: 1 times
hudsonhorizons mentions:
  @TheFantasyFix: 1 times
sethmaser mentions:
  @moshekasher: 1 times
  @ylove: 1 times
  @robynrstar: 1 times
  @ptishow: 1 times
  @aarondugan: 1 times
  @myqkaplan: 1 times
  @hebrewzzi: 1 times
  @robdelaney: 1 times
  @pftompkins: 1 times
  @csfilms: 1 times
  @daveandbrian: 1 times
babyfriendlyla mentions:
  @bizziemommy: 1 times
  @SITSGirls: 1 times
  @btcla: 1 times
  @losangelista: 1 times
  @AnnetteHolland: 1 times
  @daNanner: 1 times
  @jasonbarmore: 1 times
  @jazzyrae: 1 times
  @CAOrthodontists: 1 times
  @KEPR: 1 times
kettlebellwall mentions:
  @HullCove: 1 times
  @jensinkler: 1 times
  @kettlebellwall: 1 times
  @drhorrible: 1 times
creditunionscom mentions:
  @sammysays: 1 times
  @creditunionscom: 1 times
chicagoduilaw mentions:
  @HelenGunnar: 1 times
  @pianoworld: 1 times
  @librarycongress: 1 times
  @carolross: 1 times
  @eschaeff: 1 times
  @soloinchicago: 1 times
  @chicagoduilaw: 1 times
nickseagers mentions:
  @StardustDads: 1 times
  @FinePrintNYC: 1 times
  @learnpublishing: 1 times
  @iuniversebooks: 1 times
  @publishingtalk: 1 times
  @runninghorsepub: 1 times
highlandress mentions:
  @davidmacdougall: 1 times
  @sorandom: 1 times
kellymullaney mentions:
  @MiguelALlano: 1 times
  @KellyMullaney: 1 times
  @juliomahumada: 1 times
  @TriMarConsult: 1 times
  @Quick37: 1 times
  @LatinasUnidas: 1 times
rayonativia mentions:
  @ainebegonia: 1 times
kayewtie mentions:
  @seeandbeseen: 1 times
  @pghpenguins: 1 times
  @freakshowmikey: 1 times
  @fsbigbob: 1 times
  @NHLtweetup: 1 times
makeastar mentions:
  @MakeAStar: 1 times
thenerdybird mentions:
  @Robot6: 1 times
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
  @Batgirlbabs: 1 times
  @heartlessdoll: 1 times
  @DimitriMOMB: 1 times
  @jonahweiland: 1 times
  @sterlinggates: 1 times
  @GeoffJohns0: 1 times
idealway mentions:
  @puzzlepieces: 1 times
  @healingautism: 1 times
  @AutismNow: 1 times
  @earlyautism: 1 times
  @Autisable: 1 times
revwahs mentions:
  @mylastbite: 1 times
  @thefoodfight: 1 times
  @polyscience: 1 times
  @docsconz: 1 times
  @ideasinfood: 1 times
  @hseanbrock: 1 times
akira71 mentions:
  @douggpound: 2 times
donnaantoniadis mentions:
  @auntieknows: 1 times
  @captainfart: 1 times
  @donnaantoniadis: 1 times
  @markgrindeland: 1 times
  @busymomma: 1 times
martwood1 mentions:
  @Oceanisleinn: 1 times
  @CarolineSeay: 1 times
  @Jenn97: 1 times
  @luxeapothecary: 1 times
  @mombloggersclub: 1 times
___caro___ mentions:
  @crackberrist: 1 times
  @delsasolorzano: 1 times
flyfished mentions:
  @jerrygoldsmith: 1 times
luisleon mentions:
  @Succexxyy: 1 times
naomitripi mentions:
  @DagmarBleasdale: 1 times
girthymac mentions:
  @PrbyRachel: 1 times
  @yourdynamicduo: 1 times
  @Maryanneb: 1 times
  @lingerlonger247: 1 times
  @blazersedge: 1 times
  @Jimnorton: 1 times
  @Opieradio: 1 times
ddickens mentions:
  @pepsolis: 1 times
jimmyle1 mentions:
  @pauljendrasiak: 1 times
  @JimmyLe1: 1 times
  @garrettG13: 1 times
mo_bee mentions:
  @Amethyst2009: 1 times
  @wildandivine: 1 times
  @billionaire5: 1 times
  @tldavidson: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @sc430girl: 1 times
  @CiaoBella50: 1 times
  @mobee: 1 times
  @adrence: 1 times
  @chefVanda: 1 times
davidcharns mentions:
  @lindseyfrick: 1 times
  @katherinebhowe: 1 times
  @randypricewcvb: 1 times
  @jmbnews: 1 times
  @NewsBoston: 1 times
scottybomb mentions:
  @livingsanctuary: 1 times
2harvestcfl mentions:
  @EnzianTheater: 1 times
  @HistoryCTRCFL: 1 times
  @UnitedArts: 1 times
  @BrevardArtNews: 1 times
alc9 mentions:
  @aidswalksf: 1 times
  @SFoodie: 1 times
  @MediaPost: 1 times
  @thepolitico: 1 times
  @skydiver: 1 times
  @ChrisBuckley: 1 times
chrislabossiere mentions:
  @scottybomb: 1 times
  @britl: 1 times
  @bingofuel: 1 times
  @slePP: 1 times
  @scottlilwall: 1 times
  @eadnams: 1 times
  @TheSpinDoctor: 1 times
  @morgoid: 1 times
  @SkepticSean: 1 times
greenorchid mentions:
  @itsajaimething: 1 times
  @lvwedconcierge: 1 times
  @andyebon: 1 times
  @JustDalisa: 1 times
  @soireebliss: 1 times
denali_kate mentions:
  @edwardacullen: 1 times
  @bellamcullen: 1 times
  @nesscullen: 1 times
  @mrmonkeyman: 1 times
  @rosaliecullen: 1 times
  @betonalice: 1 times
  @alicescharm: 1 times
  @esmecullen85: 1 times
strix84 mentions:
  @30SECONDSTOMARS: 1 times
  @ablorg: 1 times
  @jaredleto: 1 times
  @ShannonLeto: 1 times
  @tomofromearth: 1 times
  @7726: 1 times
  @robsheridan: 1 times
  @RODDYBOTTUM: 1 times
skyenwy mentions:
  @sarasnee: 1 times
  @astrowebgirl: 1 times
  @QueenSapphyre: 1 times
  @sylkcfan: 1 times
  @Cynfulred: 1 times
  @SwissCow86: 1 times
jeremyg423 mentions:
  @DashaunWesley: 1 times
weerd1 mentions:
  @shyaporn: 1 times
maryann_sag mentions:
  @kissmygumbo: 1 times
  @BostonMaggie: 1 times
  @JustANurse: 1 times
  @tahoeblu: 1 times
  @TLMMD: 1 times
  @pow127: 1 times
  @alexakim: 1 times
  @Asmayit: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
ffevangelism mentions:
  @DawnMarieH: 1 times
  @jeremymoore: 1 times
  @ChristianPost: 1 times
  @umreporter: 1 times
  @christfollower: 1 times
  @okcalvin: 1 times
  @dkemm: 1 times
  @AaronCohen777: 1 times
  @aklinefelter: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
jaynakliner mentions:
  @LIVESTRONG: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @drew: 1 times
  @lorenarojas: 1 times
ambrosechick mentions:
  @paullyoung: 1 times
  @taralynnwagner: 1 times
newagejalopy mentions:
  @LetMyPrideBe: 1 times
  @trsrstweets: 1 times
  @storypeople: 1 times
  @brianandreas: 1 times
  @imogenheap: 1 times
  @rosedart: 1 times
christianbok mentions:
  @bldgblog: 1 times
chucksauce mentions:
  @douggpound: 1 times
kristinkopp mentions:
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @fattireale: 1 times
  @KristinKopp: 1 times
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMaia: 1 times
intrstngtweeple mentions:
  @Glamutante: 1 times
  @IntrstngTweeple: 1 times
  @deepbluesealove: 1 times
  @Akatyran: 1 times
  @MsKBJ: 1 times
  @natelasko: 1 times
  @bpfox4: 1 times
  @Kv305: 1 times
  @EliteTravalGal: 1 times
stay___c mentions:
  @Travo617: 1 times
  @SabrinaL: 1 times
  @kristalclarity: 1 times
  @DeandraD: 1 times
  @dearfashionista: 1 times
  @Chellelilbmore: 1 times
  @Reneestrawbeery: 1 times
  @THATDAMNKWASH: 1 times
therealsdb mentions:
  @tricky1987: 1 times
  @artoise: 1 times
  @Gilerra: 1 times
  @Graciouskisay: 1 times
  @Diggydash: 1 times
  @SDotBeatZ: 1 times
  @Samatchmaker: 1 times
  @Yelyah: 1 times
  @skvibemakers: 1 times
rogeriowong mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @flaviogomes69: 1 times
  @vitonez: 1 times
  @marcuslellis: 1 times
  @felipeparanhos: 1 times
  @maximobueno: 1 times
jendodge mentions:
  @iStone: 1 times
nyfancyfoodshow mentions:
  @FancyFoodMag: 1 times
iodamarketing mentions:
  @artistshouse: 1 times
ktorz3 mentions:
  @rbk24: 1 times
  @juanleung: 1 times
  @Adictisima: 1 times
  @katypineda1905: 1 times
  @Succexxyy: 1 times
  @franja1: 1 times
  @princesschuck: 1 times
  @noticiasvenezue: 1 times
  @rafhernandezw: 1 times
intuitivebody mentions:
  @miacucina: 1 times
marni_wedin mentions:
  @AvionicsMan: 1 times
  @SAlbrecht: 1 times
sheindie mentions:
  @OliverGrigsby: 1 times
  @rdhall: 1 times
  @DennisCalero: 1 times
  @wendilynnmakeup: 1 times
  @MarkSable: 1 times
  @yinkgo2: 1 times
  @sdlaw: 1 times
caroline_palmer mentions:
  @azprgal: 1 times
  @StreetsofNY: 1 times
britbritl mentions:
  @DeeYoung08: 1 times
  @USAPears: 1 times
  @AndrewLeeOnline: 1 times
  @honorsociety: 1 times
benbehrouzi mentions:
  @ShawnaCoronado: 1 times
  @BenBehrouzi: 1 times
annechun mentions:
  @JRichardKelly: 1 times
marcgrandmaison mentions:
  @heatheranne: 2 times
bonniebkoehler mentions:
  @dpmars: 1 times
  @BerrettKoehler: 1 times
  @abschlesinger: 1 times
  @KyrstenSinema: 1 times
  @introvertleader: 1 times
  @noahblumenthal: 1 times
hrsoutherncharm mentions:
  @FunFollow: 1 times
  @martwood1: 1 times
  @hrsoutherncharm: 1 times
  @ComplicatedMama: 1 times
  @ThePrepEGirl: 1 times
tesselations mentions:
  @interfaithforum: 1 times
  @hempbagmonk: 1 times
  @YMCAyoga: 1 times
  @mojoyoga: 1 times
  @evolvefest: 1 times
  @cosmoplasticity: 1 times
  @enlighteners: 1 times
  @cosmocopia: 1 times
rakedreviews mentions:
  @CostumingClaire: 1 times
  @wendilynnmakeup: 1 times
imjoeperez mentions:
  @ecoofficegals: 1 times
davidrisley mentions:
  @danielscocco: 1 times
  @CasonMarketing: 1 times
sawxblog mentions:
  @Rice4HoF: 1 times
  @dinabanina: 1 times
  @BlkSportsOnline: 1 times
  @SoxJetsFan: 1 times
  @theneilshow: 1 times
  @andrewnations: 1 times
  @Soxanddawgs: 1 times
  @sonsofsamhorn: 1 times
  @newburycomics: 1 times
rufly mentions:
  @qtiptheabstract: 1 times
  @DeagoSkittlez: 1 times
  @thesilverust: 1 times
  @Vocalspeakers: 1 times
  @hellokittylei: 1 times
  @gmail: 1 times
chrisa9 mentions:
  @TwittsMcGee: 1 times
itklcameron mentions:
  @fickles: 1 times
  @THOMKELLY: 1 times
  @catherinelittle: 1 times
luserrano mentions:
ant_ward mentions:
  @bwithers: 1 times
kalaharitea mentions:
  @IntentionalChoc: 1 times
  @Honeypot310: 1 times
  @joaaanie: 1 times
  @indieteas: 1 times
  @petervizel: 1 times
cherrygrrl mentions:
  @fangbites: 1 times
  @rochelledancel: 1 times
  @CherryGrrl: 1 times
  @SarahWarn: 1 times
  @michelleparadis: 1 times
  @crystalchappell: 1 times
  @onemorelesbian: 1 times
  @BrevityTV: 1 times
peckondeck mentions:
  @SimplyMelony: 1 times
  @KarinaFansite: 1 times
  @sohood: 1 times
  @M0dElChICk: 1 times
  @speedy80: 1 times
  @SuperwomanAK: 1 times
  @MEanGurly24: 1 times
ohltweets mentions:
  @mattmcgowan: 2 times
hildygottlieb mentions:
  @romioliverio: 1 times
magellanlive mentions:
  @OraiaSpeaks: 1 times
  @chrisdurso: 1 times
  @juniorrivera: 1 times
  @flavahdave: 1 times
  @pookismyname: 1 times
  @adamdurso: 1 times
  @dopeboylos: 1 times
lindaraxa mentions:
  @solus72: 1 times
ohmydamnkelsey mentions:
  @InKatlinsPahnts: 1 times
marimellome mentions:
  @haydenharnett: 1 times
  @prcouture: 1 times
  @marimellome: 1 times
jbiupui mentions:
  @jbiupui: 1 times
  @iamtherealwill: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
rob_t_firefly mentions:
freeiphoneapps mentions:
  @themulewashere: 1 times
  @hypertron: 1 times
  @eamobile: 1 times
  @teencastic: 1 times
  @smule: 1 times
  @theapplefreakk: 1 times
  @asronline: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
  @vch: 1 times
indyhumane mentions:
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @Buddhagyrl: 1 times
  @kristindy: 1 times
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @petpalstv: 1 times
  @ejly: 1 times
  @K9sIA: 1 times
  @thepriss: 1 times
  @puppyluvgirl: 1 times
ihouseman mentions:
  @openrsm: 1 times
  @cheekyandswank: 1 times
  @sharonglassman: 1 times
  @ihouseman: 1 times
  @robdomanesq: 1 times
hermorrine mentions:
  @highvoltagemag: 1 times
  @TheViperRoom: 1 times
  @theroxy: 1 times
  @thehotelcafe: 1 times
  @thesunsetstrip: 1 times
  @FatCityReprise: 1 times
  @RealDrakeBell: 1 times
  @publicjones: 1 times
  @7726: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
boboleechron mentions:
  @blahblohblog: 1 times
  @dwears: 1 times
  @traceyctt: 1 times
  @TriniGirlBlue: 1 times
  @basantam: 1 times
  @therealjovan: 1 times
  @urlunknown: 1 times
jasonpdesign mentions:
  @johnstrauss: 2 times
  @HighStyleClt: 1 times
  @jscabinetmaker: 1 times
flora_n_fauna mentions:
  @doozywhoop: 1 times
  @ethicalbean: 1 times
  @stringmagazine: 1 times
  @granvillemag: 1 times
  @humclothing: 1 times
  @designconquer: 1 times
  @nextdoorstyle: 1 times
dcra mentions:
  @wcp: 1 times
  @dcra: 1 times
paulhutchins mentions:
  @RickBurdo: 1 times
ellebows mentions:
  @lilblueboo: 1 times
  @happychickadee: 1 times
  @lemondrop: 1 times
  @brixtonlane: 1 times
  @thevintagepearl: 1 times
  @PamperingBeki: 1 times
  @joyshope: 1 times
  @diecutsrus: 1 times
  @greenpla: 1 times
usmc81 mentions:
  @McCore: 1 times
  @Valkyrie12668: 1 times
robertnewblood mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
therab mentions:
  @geecheegirl: 1 times
  @girlgamy: 1 times
  @cmajor: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @pgreenbe: 1 times
  @mastermark: 1 times
  @digiphile: 1 times
  @cbensen: 1 times
  @rhappe: 1 times
  @maggiefox: 1 times
  @marciamarcia: 1 times
fiveads mentions:
  @charbrown: 1 times
  @danschawbel: 1 times
joanie_s_c mentions:
  @whorehay: 1 times
  @platea: 1 times
  @thatwaszen: 1 times
markaustin mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @rscoulter02: 2 times
  @TimMoore: 1 times
  @MarkAustin: 1 times
  @SmitheAltModels: 1 times
  @alliewayfilms: 1 times
  @AnyAmount: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @S: 1 times
gina81375 mentions:
  @luvbabyb: 1 times
  @colleentatum: 1 times
  @fclstyle: 1 times
  @xoxosteph: 1 times
  @MelK: 1 times
  @gina81375: 1 times
  @AirlifeXmas@kirstiealley: 1 times
amandasueki mentions:
  @AuditionPortal: 1 times
  @EnocMarrero7: 1 times
  @JanelleDee: 1 times
  @AmandaSueki: 1 times
  @KaseyDannielle: 1 times
  @TeodoraGesheva: 1 times
  @Jowshuar: 1 times
  @chemaha: 1 times
dbastos mentions:
  @laboratoriodf: 1 times
scared mentions:
  @mattgrimm: 1 times
  @katiepennington: 1 times
fergssportsbar mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @Deeliamge: 1 times
  @Doonyadoo: 1 times
  @UnKay: 1 times
  @FergsSportsBar: 1 times
sugardayfox mentions:
  @HaimSchlesinger: 1 times
  @pokerstudent: 1 times
pablo_parrot mentions:
  @Luluparrot: 1 times
  @popsicola: 1 times
  @lolashowgirl: 1 times
  @Bazparrot: 1 times
  @Jorton: 1 times
  @Brianamazon: 1 times
  @cybilrat: 1 times
whitenickel mentions:
  @krisallen4real: 1 times
  @therealglambert: 1 times
fungiveaways mentions:
gimmetinnitus mentions:
  @matadorrecords: 1 times
  @pinemagazine: 1 times
  @WREK: 1 times
  @WonderRoot: 1 times
  @gimmetinnitus: 1 times
  @criminalrecords: 1 times
  @squidchip: 1 times
darealsuperwman mentions:
  @Erikai: 1 times
  @darealsuperwman: 1 times
  @sjax13: 1 times
sold2soul mentions:
  @VITOORDIE: 1 times
barryji mentions:
  @MintBird: 1 times
  @BarryJI: 1 times
sgleithmann mentions:
  @stadtkindFFM: 1 times
maryjanefrances mentions:
  @thevintagevibe: 1 times
  @DujourMag: 1 times
  @starrswasteland: 1 times
  @nandoism: 1 times
  @NorwegianWood: 1 times
  @thecoveted: 1 times
  @RococoVintage: 1 times
gmoney1284 mentions:
  @XDshayxDeniseX: 2 times
  @BrownSugarLX: 1 times
  @VanillaKiss: 1 times
  @clippercutqueen: 1 times
  @djstaxxx: 1 times
  @gmoney1284: 1 times
  @dwill305: 1 times
  @BrownS: 1 times
kevinhopper mentions:
  @visitflorida: 2 times
  @beachhunter: 1 times
  @KevinMims: 1 times
  @theprguy: 1 times
  @BarbFreda: 1 times
  @giddyupandglide: 1 times
jailmanhero mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
chelseahobbs mentions:
  @josloren: 1 times
  @chelseahobbs: 1 times
  @cassiescerbo: 1 times
  @miobishow: 1 times
  @abcfamily: 1 times
xnt mentions:
  @boyzo: 1 times
  @dfect: 1 times
  @siedrix: 1 times
  @anibalruz: 1 times
  @maimai86: 1 times
hungerthon mentions:
  @FriendsofWFP: 1 times
  @hungerthon: 1 times
  @bloodandmilk: 1 times
  @UNDPUSA: 1 times
  @OneCampaign: 1 times
  @zyozyfounder: 1 times
  @fightpoverty: 1 times
  @eart: 1 times
ardath421 mentions:
  @dnewman: 1 times
  @DeborahKeegan: 1 times
  @paulmccord: 1 times
rubybantock mentions:
  @LEAFSTRING: 1 times
thevalleyscw mentions:
  @gossipgirl: 1 times
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @michelletracht: 1 times
buddhaplex mentions:
  @TodayTomorrow: 1 times
  @dddiana: 1 times
bigshaun808 mentions:
  @surfnmusicexpo: 2 times
  @djELITE: 1 times
  @dj720: 1 times
  @djmiked: 1 times
  @donkwon: 1 times
  @djsho: 1 times
  @BCDlane: 1 times
  @BigCityDiner: 1 times
  @stuartkiyota: 1 times
latinaleader mentions:
  @jescarter: 1 times
  @latinalista: 1 times
  @nishachittal: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @trendygolf: 1 times
  @quarterlifelady: 1 times
  @DeniseMpls: 1 times
  @inspiringintent: 1 times
  @PYNTK: 1 times
nfpaccounting mentions:
  @DonKramer: 1 times
  @BlueLotusCA: 1 times
  @v3campaign: 1 times
celso21 mentions:
  @NateRiggs: 1 times
  @marcuswhitt: 1 times
  @rjipson: 1 times
  @jessicamanna: 1 times
  @weprina: 1 times
  @celso21: 1 times
  @myrfc: 1 times
chuckhall mentions:
  @jimdonovan: 1 times
makultra mentions:
bobsimao mentions:
  @XxavierT@esoterismo: 1 times
  @StephaniePitts: 1 times
  @cocoandbreezy: 1 times
  @onfaitavec: 1 times
  @musicasmessage: 1 times
  @onlineresume: 1 times
  @shawnjsce702: 1 times
paulduxbury mentions:
  @jmfield: 1 times
  @pawluxury: 1 times
  @jantallent: 1 times
  @SpiritCoach: 1 times
  @PersonnelToday: 1 times
  @summerof52: 1 times
  @AlisonHilton: 1 times
rotated mentions:
  @djkelly: 1 times
  @glenkrueger: 1 times
  @Halcohol: 1 times
  @danpagan: 1 times
  @nenshi: 1 times
  @civiccampyyc: 1 times
  @trasie: 1 times
  @CalgaryCowbell: 1 times
  @grant: 1 times
  @magrnt: 1 times
vincentx24x mentions:
  @howthegodschill: 1 times
  @mustachedre: 1 times
  @photocody: 1 times
arby81 mentions:
  @seventyb: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
babiesgottahavt mentions:
  @laurakb: 1 times
  @nancymartira: 1 times
  @VickieMC: 1 times
  @jenparsons: 1 times
  @StephaniePaige: 1 times
silvakreuz mentions:
  @cameronolivier: 1 times
hrcmedical mentions:
  @MissADS08: 1 times
  @TheLollipopShop: 1 times
  @QCrush: 1 times
  @0Frank: 1 times
  @xybrewer: 1 times
  @brexians: 1 times
  @misluckett: 1 times
  @ACGdreamgirl08: 1 times
shmalisonharter mentions:
  @ebain: 1 times
  @ProjectExodus: 1 times
  @BuckUpCampaign: 1 times
  @cfpdx: 1 times
  @TheA21Campaign: 1 times
  @FredDouglassSon: 1 times
  @thesoldproject: 1 times
  @endingslavery: 1 times
  @RedLightCC: 1 times
hans_karl mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
mace29 mentions:
  @SayChiz: 1 times
  @MARoxas: 1 times
visioneers mentions:
  @visioneers: 1 times
  @tuntgeorge: 1 times
  @misterjeffers: 1 times
  @tuntwife: 1 times
  @mackluster: 1 times
elle_dubya mentions:
  @aaronstewart: 1 times
salandpepper mentions:
  @Auchentrae: 1 times
mumsclub mentions:
  @ellaannounce: 1 times
  @partysprite: 1 times
  @stallfinder: 1 times
  @Mamascarf: 1 times
  @alisonrothwell: 1 times
  @sizzlingscience: 1 times
  @womenontheirway: 1 times
ashutoshm mentions:
  @elijahmanor: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
eshaam mentions:
  @johnhaydon: 1 times
brunolucas mentions:
happyatheist mentions:
  @Misstcalia: 1 times
  @godlessgirl: 1 times
  @Jamberta: 1 times
  @mommasquid: 1 times
  @SurlyAmy: 1 times
  @HappyAtheist: 1 times
  @Lauruhhpalooza: 1 times
  @wickedlibrarian: 1 times
kathystilwell mentions:
  @debruyndesign: 1 times
  @MarniWedin: 1 times
  @AvionicsMan: 1 times
  @SAlbrecht: 1 times
jallinso mentions:
  @ivanuskokovic: 1 times
  @kryptonflo: 2 times
  @maxhtaylor: 1 times
  @jallinso: 1 times
  @mbchapma: 1 times
  @constantlburts: 1 times
  @yayoproductionz: 1 times
  @jdotscarlett: 1 times
chicky1977 mentions:
  @SerifFont: 1 times
jonarcher mentions:
  @TedHope: 1 times
nicthecat mentions:
  @AngelLoveLight: 1 times
  @MRMIKEYGRAHAM: 1 times
tifftwin mentions:
  @cynthia92054: 1 times
cristhia mentions:
  @CacaRosset: 1 times
ksjordan mentions:
  @drscoundrels: 1 times
phototube mentions:
  @dailyphoto: 1 times
  @phototube: 1 times
tw1tterw1t mentions:
  @AWishInAMelody: 1 times
  @cellaboo2cute: 1 times
  @OneLovelyLibra: 1 times
  @noveltyFLY: 1 times
  @MizCurves: 1 times
  @BPetahzzz: 1 times
  @Tw1tterW1t: 1 times
maddy2295 mentions:
  @CheyeneeRose: 1 times
  @colorofviolence: 1 times
  @mattg00d: 1 times
  @derzum: 1 times
  @thrattlesnake: 1 times
  @joeyasd: 1 times
  @kyleasd: 1 times
  @FFTLAST: 1 times
  @manbearcig: 1 times
  @askylitdrive: 1 times
veronicaarellan mentions:
  @kebbabutton: 1 times
jasonrybka mentions:
  @ianlatham: 1 times
christinekraft mentions:
  @KentBottles: 1 times
danielwarhol mentions:
  @emilwilbekin: 1 times
jwhit2609 mentions:
  @jeremyg423: 1 times
1lovelydreamer mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @GoddessSammy: 1 times
  @GradSchoolMom: 1 times
  @donnajfox: 1 times
  @petitchoudc: 1 times
  @miragi: 1 times
  @dnero1981: 1 times
doublelattemama mentions:
  @TheWriteWoman: 1 times
  @MommyKennedy: 1 times
  @BeccaVan: 1 times
  @CoachNancyP: 1 times
ajspindle mentions:
  @LJBoldyrev: 1 times
  @spookcentral: 1 times
  @jcimpellizzeri: 1 times
  @writereader: 1 times
  @xpb: 1 times
  @TwilightJasmine: 1 times
princessettie mentions:
  @brawngpfanblog: 1 times
  @SarahAnnGreen: 1 times
  @f1lover75: 1 times
  @caronlindsayf1: 1 times
  @kpcom: 1 times
  @FakePiquetJr: 1 times
  @fakemansell: 1 times
thomasmangum mentions:
  @LarryBenet: 1 times
  @garyryanblair: 1 times
  @melcoach: 1 times
  @davelakhani: 1 times
  @bobburg: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @kristenmorelli: 1 times
naiveabroad mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @theblacksphere: 1 times
  @NaiveAbroad: 1 times
fieldsy4life mentions:
  @katiedel: 1 times
  @AmyCueva: 1 times
  @PhillEdwards: 1 times
  @megUX: 1 times
  @laurlita: 1 times
  @Fieldsy4Life: 1 times
  @pinkbostonlove: 1 times
  @MITX: 1 times
mustbetuesday mentions:
  @dangerbell: 1 times
  @slepp: 1 times
  @stephanie: 1 times
  @stormbrew: 1 times
  @alainsaffel: 1 times
  @JaneDoh13: 1 times
  @Ubastyyat: 1 times
  @SkepticSean: 1 times
  @mspixieriot: 1 times
natepagel mentions:
  @craignewmark: 1 times
  @birdsall: 1 times
  @saduros: 1 times
  @kyleplacy: 1 times
  @govloop: 1 times
  @lizrosas: 1 times
  @votolatino: 1 times
  @jlevin: 1 times
  @gwynnek: 1 times
  @instadpundit: 1 times
darien_mason mentions:
  @isfullofcrap: 1 times
  @michaeljackson: 1 times
trans4myreating mentions:
  @unmarketing: 1 times
  @launchgum: 1 times
jcabrerah mentions:
  @jmatuk: 1 times
javiermtw mentions:
  @Succexxyy: 1 times
efdbrianmills mentions:
  @csharpzealot: 1 times
clairewalsh mentions:
  @Helenb: 1 times
  @Woolcottmb: 1 times
  @ExHolInnWarwick: 1 times
  @markbrown83: 1 times
  @Boogaloo1: 1 times
noetical mentions:
  @kamiNcali: 1 times
thepromostore mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
toddwalker mentions:
  @NancyProctor: 1 times
  @timothyDean78: 1 times
  @atmasphere: 1 times
  @LenKendall: 1 times
xxnikkeexx mentions:
  @fairy73: 1 times
quitos mentions:
  @traficodf: 2 times
tn_arf mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @ReformatMe: 1 times
  @appropedia: 1 times
  @retailretweets: 1 times
  @artfuse: 1 times
  @Halibutron: 1 times
  @TNARF: 1 times
  @prgre: 1 times
juliedaley mentions:
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @TheGrimWeeder: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @TheVinster: 1 times
  @juliedaley: 1 times
helpamotherout mentions:
  @myImpact: 1 times
nowhere2hide mentions:
  @KidsAreHeroes: 1 times
duvawinny mentions:
  @VivaAerobus: 1 times
nilesmc mentions:
  @HeyTammyBruce: 1 times
kayakid mentions:
  @ATX4U: 1 times
  @sarahprout: 1 times
  @GreenLiving2: 1 times
  @PoundDogRescue: 1 times
  @SwamiScotty: 1 times
  @greenarchitect: 1 times
  @duhism: 1 times
bsgper4 mentions:
  @gocheeksgo: 1 times
  @therealglambert: 1 times
  @krisallen4real: 1 times
  @michaelianblack: 1 times
pageoneresults mentions:
  @toddmintz: 1 times
queersubversion mentions:
  @bilericoproject: 1 times
  @elianmaricon: 1 times
  @binetusa: 1 times
  @fwee4u: 1 times
  @mactavish: 1 times
  @joliesgrrl80: 1 times
  @helenbop: 1 times
cbview mentions:
  @coldwellbnkr: 1 times
mnpr mentions:
  @bizborsch: 1 times
  @trendcurve: 1 times
  @michaelowenhill: 1 times
  @heykeenan: 1 times
  @Servingthe32nd: 1 times
  @GillianGabriel: 1 times
jacoblovie mentions:
  @happysherpa: 1 times
tylerorr mentions:
mommybits mentions:
  @jennyitup: 1 times
  @amyinohio: 1 times
  @momminitup: 1 times
  @mommysnacks: 1 times
  @carolehicks: 1 times
  @lucrecerb: 1 times
  @winemedineme: 1 times
  @5dollardinners: 1 times
naythencash mentions:
  @VannyDel: 1 times
  @crside: 1 times
  @pReHaB212: 1 times
  @NaythenCash: 1 times
replikatie mentions:
  @ensredshirt: 1 times
  @sez101: 1 times
  @crazymitchell: 1 times
  @RenaissanceAsh: 1 times
  @lilind: 1 times
  @BeardyViking: 1 times
  @ehliza: 1 times
  @katehewlett: 1 times
  @amandatapping: 1 times
  @dhewlett: 1 times
andreamore mentions:
  @DestinAsian: 1 times
  @rafetontengco: 1 times
paulonifro mentions:
  @AlbertaMF: 1 times
tyny1 mentions:
  @S3cond2noneFollowFriday: 1 times
  @TyNy1: 1 times
  @JULIEJULEZ1005: 1 times
karasw mentions:
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
  @spottedbylocals: 1 times
caseycapshaw mentions:
  @CoreyWdeVos: 1 times
wesleylamar mentions:
  @ProjTran: 1 times
  @ashleealley: 1 times
  @bensonhines: 1 times
  @cr8on: 1 times
  @FFEvangelism: 1 times
  @fteconnect: 1 times
  @ValleyWesley: 1 times
lizhover mentions:
  @querkus: 1 times
jenzenator mentions:
  @marleneruns: 1 times
  @sheilamking: 1 times
  @HealthRunning: 1 times
  @CyclingChef: 1 times
  @robeena: 1 times
  @CuzDaddySaidSo: 1 times
yetun mentions:
  @BunnyOverlord: 1 times
  @Cleopatra789: 1 times
  @frugaldougal: 1 times
  @LexusLady: 1 times
  @doglessons: 1 times
  @MisterSnoop: 1 times
  @WharfLiving: 1 times
  @RosieChihuahua: 1 times
  @mam1cutie: 1 times
voleila mentions:
  @irisheyes: 1 times
  @pfrigerio: 1 times
  @fujoflys: 1 times
  @alphamares: 1 times
  @nealschaffer: 1 times
arikhanson mentions:
  @scribnia: 1 times
  @arikhanson: 1 times
  @simonegrant: 1 times
  @ambercadabra: 1 times
twinos mentions:
  @StorySeeker: 1 times
  @chicBuds: 1 times
  @kangarue: 1 times
  @LauraOPhoto: 1 times
  @fidoandwino: 1 times
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @ultramegaleila: 1 times
tinadalal mentions:
  @mometzler: 1 times
inspiringintent mentions:
  @willieljackson: 2 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @URChangeExperts: 1 times
  @victoriousvoice: 1 times
  @selfmademiracle: 1 times
photographymom mentions:
  @goodforthekids: 1 times
reverielarke mentions:
  @LimConsulting: 1 times
calzonzote mentions:
  @Botiz: 1 times
sparkz1 mentions:
  @Iam423: 1 times
  @CQ: 1 times
  @swaff5: 1 times
  @zmtvbe: 1 times
  @crystaldshirley: 1 times
  @phelps11: 1 times
rinox_x mentions:
  @MonseTwitt: 1 times
djmaniacmagee mentions:
  @GeorgeTr: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 2 times
  @MRDOTCEO: 1 times
  @cynthia123: 2 times
  @missawalker: 1 times
  @MsLoriJones: 1 times
  @djmaniacmage: 1 times
basketballfiend mentions:
  @BJennings3: 1 times
laurentiius mentions:
  @EstebanEagle: 1 times
  @joblankenburg: 1 times
  @visualpro: 1 times
  @laurentiius: 1 times
  @jamesbreeze: 1 times
  @laperugina: 1 times
  @estebaneagle: 1 times
julieminevich mentions:
  @SarahWurrey: 1 times
johnemerritt mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @Successmate: 1 times
  @elmagovaldivia: 1 times
  @johnemerritt: 1 times
  @fonality: 1 times
ksparkles mentions:
  @CalebJennings: 1 times
lanisimpson mentions:
  @babsdon: 1 times
fur_an mentions:
  @fxdx: 1 times
  @aheimermann: 1 times
  @atze2002: 1 times
  @Memkaos: 1 times
  @IngoK: 1 times
truettreed mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 1 times
  @mickgregory: 1 times
quarrygirl mentions:
  @nastynick: 1 times
  @TheRealMichaelJ: 1 times
alexismichelle mentions:
  @FortKnoxFive: 1 times
  @alexismichelle: 1 times
  @bandsindc: 1 times
  @serfsquamish: 1 times
  @sunnyjay: 1 times
  @pbwolf: 1 times
  @sonicbloom: 1 times
  @caravita: 1 times
tweetstreasures mentions:
  @advocarewps: 1 times
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @TPEntrepreneur: 1 times
  @TrishasTravels: 1 times
  @Tweetstreasures: 1 times
ooyala mentions:
  @Zappos: 1 times
orangearrows mentions:
  @helputech: 1 times
azhistory mentions:
  @grtaylor2: 1 times
  @fotofacade: 1 times
  @thehouseofsteam: 1 times
  @djvertone: 1 times
  @bookoffaces: 1 times
  @hashphoto: 1 times
  @sweetrelief: 1 times
  @azhistory: 1 times
theunabonger mentions:
  @ianiv: 1 times
stackatl mentions:
  @TheCircleH: 1 times
  @stackatl: 1 times
  @nat1kos: 1 times
hollisthomases mentions:
  @twinos: 1 times
  @davemoss: 1 times
peterliu47 mentions:
  @honormansion: 1 times
therotater mentions:
  @ericbeard: 2 times
  @chrismelton: 1 times
  @theRotater: 1 times
  @trainbetter: 1 times
  @melissaroberts: 1 times
  @RickKaselj: 1 times
jaagteraho mentions:
  @NomadWanderer: 1 times
  @pratikks: 1 times
  @GilmourBaba: 1 times
guiiii mentions:
  @thaissiqueira: 1 times
creativek mentions:
  @TMariePR: 1 times
  @LiLiSheree: 1 times
  @CreativeK: 1 times
  @LeslieTay: 1 times
  @ArJayCee: 1 times
markmark7 mentions:
  @cristalk: 1 times
  @porqueheloisa: 1 times
lipstattoo mentions:
  @anthonywright: 1 times
  @lipstattoo: 1 times
vinovolo mentions:
  @napavalleynews: 1 times
  @VinoVolo: 1 times
candila mentions:
  @LegendaryWriter: 1 times
  @fanautical: 1 times
workingcfilms mentions:
  @kylenewman: 1 times
lynzforcestir mentions:
  @mamaliga: 1 times
  @ARoadRetraveled: 1 times
  @kshanns: 1 times
  @mayfieldan: 1 times
  @KateGriffin: 1 times
greenrealtormd mentions:
  @baconinja: 1 times
  @AmandyAnderson: 1 times
  @lemminglady: 1 times
  @chefashbabe: 1 times
  @CatherineGrison: 1 times
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @greenrealtormd: 1 times
hbknprincess mentions:
  @jstark3: 1 times
stockaccelerate mentions:
  @Bricklv: 1 times
  @stockaccelerate: 1 times
  @otcbbpromoter: 1 times
  @investorlists: 1 times
  @irconsultant: 1 times
  @InvestorABCs: 1 times
  @ACInvestorlists: 1 times
  @bricklv: 1 times
edemarco mentions:
  @ClintonNews: 1 times
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @Whitehouse: 1 times
  @BarackObama: 1 times
  @GStephanopoulos: 1 times
  @maddow: 1 times
iambrady mentions:
  @PaulDunay: 1 times
unbridledbooks mentions:
  @GraywolfPress: 1 times
  @MrTweets: 1 times
  @curiousmartha: 1 times
  @CollectedMisc: 1 times
  @VillageBksBham: 1 times
danggitsdevin mentions:
  @bonnied16: 1 times
  @ccindallas: 1 times
  @DanggItsDevin: 1 times
  @Datboyie: 1 times
  @jennar812: 1 times
  @jc3nitro: 1 times
  @jenyse: 1 times
  @LariHotti: 1 times
  @michelle003: 1 times
  @starfish2010: 1 times
mommyperks mentions:
  @micheleborba: 1 times
quinola mentions:
  @borntoserve1968: 1 times
  @CLiechtenstein: 1 times
  @4idiots: 1 times
  @gahustle: 1 times
  @jerzicua: 1 times
  @JohnTalleos: 1 times
  @stephenfry: 1 times
thewanderingjew mentions:
  @itsdlevy: 1 times
  @alanscottevil: 1 times
  @queendeb: 1 times
  @epunch: 1 times
alexsander_pe mentions:
  @redrojo: 1 times
  @fatimatv: 1 times
  @edugar: 1 times
  @augustoayesta: 1 times
  @juancarloslujan: 1 times
  @elchepis: 1 times
  @AiaPaec: 1 times
  @linaceballos: 1 times
  @graciadelcielo: 1 times
  @pitonizza: 1 times
steve_campbell mentions:
  @sacca: 1 times
  @mariaandros: 1 times
  @socratessoc: 1 times
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @RonDavies: 1 times
  @AndrewWindham: 1 times
  @GabeStrom: 1 times
  @RobMoshe: 1 times
icklesal mentions:
  @xTheLonelyGodx: 1 times
  @10TheDoctor10: 1 times
  @deltatwo: 1 times
  @nettlecake: 1 times
  @IndieTashi: 1 times
  @stephmcintosh: 1 times
  @Bluefinch: 1 times
  @happyangler: 1 times
  @pixeljockey: 1 times
im_x1 mentions:
  @MRC58: 1 times
  @PerryBelcher: 1 times
  @lseroogy: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @offwhitemke: 1 times
  @wdsu: 1 times
  @NOLAnews: 1 times
  @AgentM: 1 times
  @wisconsinBNN: 1 times
  @mpoppel: 1 times
  @Bonerama: 1 times
  @ShadowFerret: 1 times
gbatuyong mentions:
  @Blackinkflow: 1 times
  @publicremix: 1 times
  @ReadySanDiego: 1 times
  @baybeeshy: 1 times
  @HiltonBayfront: 1 times
  @FSGrillSanDiego: 1 times
  @SDSUNewsTeam: 1 times
  @jbruin: 1 times
kashh mentions:
  @robinsharma: 1 times
erikaengle mentions:
  @ChefJay: 1 times
  @joslinjewels: 1 times
  @funhiguy: 1 times
  @greentravel: 1 times
  @NancyLauer: 1 times
  @firebirdhouse: 1 times
eappleby mentions:
  @tigerlily2874: 1 times
  @renato71: 1 times
  @davedelaney: 1 times
  @jmrowland: 1 times
  @nathantbaker: 1 times
gk4truth mentions:
  @DougPreston: 1 times
  @colormered: 1 times
  @Triciadycka: 1 times
  @toninobologny: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @SEALStrong: 1 times
  @j0shm: 1 times
  @sicilianlovera: 1 times
goo mentions:
  @mantia: 2 times
atomiota mentions:
  @dustedoff: 1 times
  @alanmwebber: 1 times
  @mibi: 1 times
cbliebman mentions:
  @absolutelytrue: 1 times
  @msaleem: 1 times
derwendtde mentions:
  @emiliablue: 1 times
  @cellonaut: 1 times
  @cmglothlin: 1 times
  @Ramin: 1 times
  @germanstudent: 1 times
  @schwenno: 1 times
  @asinus48: 1 times
  @SeeYou: 1 times
  @cosmicblend: 1 times
  @duanerich: 1 times
itscindy mentions:
  @cassiehicks: 1 times
  @itscindy: 1 times
  @techchat: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
ecochoicewater mentions:
  @jasyjen: 1 times
  @SherriForney: 1 times
  @SCGreenHome: 1 times
  @imagin8ion: 1 times
  @ECOChoiceWater: 1 times
  @ACLisa: 1 times
  @bobbileder: 1 times
watwuzuthinkin mentions:
  @KAGE8282: 1 times
  @WatWuzUThinkin: 1 times
renewalkc mentions:
  @dareber: 1 times
  @DAGQuote: 1 times
sazbean mentions:
  @andysowards: 1 times
tessstaadecker mentions:
  @JocelynCollado: 1 times
  @marichrisdiga: 1 times
  @prcaroline: 1 times
  @jmeyer88: 1 times
  @aligirl14: 1 times
  @HawaiiPR: 1 times
laurie2 mentions:
  @drhli: 1 times
  @henpow2nd: 1 times
  @spacedoutlireal: 1 times
  @newsuchnuse: 1 times
mckra1g mentions:
  @davemcevers: 1 times
  @Barceno: 1 times
  @calabash11: 1 times
trisha_chokshi mentions:
  @HarryPotterFilm: 1 times
washdems mentions:
  @hihankara: 1 times
  @mardod: 1 times
  @seattlevotes: 1 times
  @chadlupkes: 1 times
  @crystalainardi: 1 times
  @jenestrott: 1 times
  @algarman: 1 times
  @finchfrii: 1 times
  @nightsing: 1 times
  @mm98273: 1 times
  @geomando: 1 times
themicahminute mentions:
  @sgantman: 1 times
  @nicholaspatten: 1 times
  @ginobot: 1 times
  @typemicah: 1 times
  @alipaul: 1 times
reuseum mentions:
  @harkopen: 1 times
melissaroberts mentions:
  @glistenfitness: 1 times
  @allysonfelix: 1 times
  @rbbermanrd: 1 times
  @skinnycity: 1 times
  @runnersworld: 1 times
  @melissaroberts: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @jokerkakes: 1 times
ste_vee mentions:
  @TallTim1: 1 times
  @TheLop: 1 times
  @onthedlo: 1 times
  @Nicholarse: 1 times
  @Amyontheradio: 1 times
morganb mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
joshuastecker mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
dombeyawine mentions:
  @CapeClassics: 1 times
  @WineCom: 1 times
  @HdR2010: 1 times
  @1WineDude: 1 times
  @ashevillewine: 1 times
  @WineOfTheWeek: 1 times
  @lisasharahall: 1 times
  @franklywines: 1 times
  @CUVEECORNER: 1 times
  @: 1 times
anteek mentions:
  @SurrendrDorothy: 1 times
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @RealWorldMom: 1 times
  @PopovicsPie941: 1 times
  @RenateHawt799: 1 times
  @trinlayk: 1 times
  @TrinityRayne: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
69police mentions:
  @itsannier: 1 times
  @marc1975: 1 times
  @paultheplumber: 1 times
  @sabbathdei: 1 times
  @abacab1975: 1 times
  @gjohnjules: 1 times
  @pamrleader: 1 times
  @willtompsett: 1 times
mikehowie mentions:
  @cornguy: 1 times
thefubar mentions:
  @grantimahara: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
luisbpereira mentions:
  @ccarvalho: 1 times
  @hugolourenco: 1 times
  @JorgeSeguro: 1 times
  @nunoantao: 1 times
  @tomasvasques: 1 times
  @duartecordeiro: 1 times
  @czorrinho: 1 times
  @PedroPintoJesus: 1 times
  @UnirLisboa: 1 times
gabrieldread mentions:
  @millorfernandes: 1 times
admutum mentions:
  @chicsinred: 1 times
  @kapilb: 1 times
  @MYIL1: 1 times
  @larryczerwonka: 1 times
  @2sports: 1 times
  @MikeBusson: 1 times
  @popn: 1 times
  @Artmaker: 1 times
glenkrueger mentions:
  @djkelly: 1 times
  @Halcohol: 1 times
  @danpagan: 1 times
  @nenshi: 1 times
  @civiccampyyc: 1 times
  @trasie: 1 times
  @CalgaryCowbell: 1 times
  @magrnt: 1 times
  @grant: 1 times
  @Rotated: 1 times
cubfancurt mentions:
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
kellyvbrown mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
kvashee mentions:
  @christinelu: 1 times
  @creativecommons: 1 times
zbf mentions:
  @Ancelmocom: 1 times
kathyoreilly mentions:
  @DesignerG: 1 times
  @fxretracer: 1 times
  @donmarkweb: 1 times
angryredplanet mentions:
  @starmonique: 1 times
  @zmikko: 1 times
  @wilbs999: 1 times
apierce02 mentions:
  @Fravartish: 1 times
  @CalvaryGirl: 1 times
  @salramz: 1 times
  @melharding: 1 times
  @Angel3284a: 1 times
  @alpha1736: 1 times
  @Nuthinlika9er: 1 times
  @sbutler010: 1 times
  @jkblack08: 1 times
  @rgreen006: 1 times
kevinbinversie mentions:
  @CalebHowe: 1 times
  @hankrearden73: 1 times
  @RepMikePence: 1 times
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
fleurdelees mentions:
  @lesperk: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @Fleurdelees: 1 times
  @EarthFire: 1 times
proserv mentions:
  @meanolmeany: 1 times
  @BostonPatriot: 1 times
  @CommentSexy: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @TheRealMMalkin: 1 times
treelight mentions:
  @sheeats: 1 times
mjmunson mentions:
  @sponsorpitch: 1 times
  @beingthere: 1 times
  @briangainor: 1 times
  @joshfeinberg: 1 times
  @shelleyieg: 1 times
  @watsonIEG: 1 times
  @Khuda1: 1 times
  @mmahoney: 1 times
tandbshow mentions:
  @sandeeey: 4 times
  @TandBshow: 1 times
  @cbcradioshow: 1 times
  @brassnuckles: 1 times
  @HoustonKuma: 1 times
  @staceyobrien13: 1 times
  @NYHC: 1 times
marketingchoice mentions:
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @ABCPublicity: 1 times
  @marketingchoice: 1 times
  @chatterboxpr: 1 times
  @ChristaEpiphany: 1 times
  @StarJonesEsq: 1 times
  @MadFreshDaily: 1 times
meljones77 mentions:
  @typemicah: 1 times
  @meljones77: 1 times
priscillacruz mentions:
  @LDJC: 1 times
  @scoopdeville: 1 times
  @chinoxl: 1 times
  @sandrapena: 1 times
  @priscillacruz: 1 times
  @suprlatina: 1 times
  @fivestarprodj: 1 times
  @ninasky: 1 times
viqifrench mentions:
  @JNez: 1 times
  @resplendentlife: 1 times
  @atiyah9369: 1 times
  @DontHateBeHated: 1 times
  @shawndennis: 1 times
  @MannyWallace: 1 times
  @KimNishida: 1 times
redheron mentions:
  @VenetianBlond: 1 times
  @Jcicely: 1 times
  @vbshafer: 1 times
gyt mentions:
  @xensin: 1 times
colorsign mentions:
  @simplwodfan: 1 times
  @annwillmott: 1 times
  @boldinsider: 1 times
  @anamariecox: 1 times
  @thefix: 1 times
  @dbrauer: 1 times
  @lileks: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
  @truckerdesiree: 1 times
  @micsolis: 1 times
  @thewillowz: 1 times
zarg mentions:
  @genejm29: 1 times
  @2pt7K: 1 times
  @universesolved: 1 times
  @EurekaAstronomy: 1 times
  @howellspace: 1 times
  @unnuagedecole: 1 times
  @stellarflare: 1 times
finanziellfrei mentions:
  @ghoyer: 1 times
agarderik mentions:
  @andymurray: 1 times
  @shelldunc: 1 times
  @jsmooth995: 1 times
  @djjazzyjeff215: 1 times
  @jalenrose: 1 times
mjchatter mentions:
  @ekivemark: 1 times
  @MJChatter: 1 times
  @jenmccabe: 1 times
  @modulist: 1 times
  @cindythroop: 1 times
  @adityanaik: 1 times
  @danamlewis: 1 times
  @MeredithGould: 1 times
  @DaphneLeigh: 1 times
  @ThroopCat: 1 times
amysho mentions:
  @nightmareofyou: 1 times
thenewoldfilo mentions:
  @: 1 times
mariaarvore mentions:
  @Lmalopes: 1 times
stacypruitt mentions:
  @Sugarlandmusic: 1 times
riodotcom mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @MoxeMediaGirl: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
dolbsterthepoet mentions:
  @SoyGoy: 1 times
  @FLOWcoachBert: 1 times
  @Defenestrator: 1 times
  @dolbsterthepoet: 1 times
  @QueenofSpain: 1 times
jillianthemette mentions:
  @Do512: 1 times
  @stephensurefire: 1 times
  @Do512Kristin: 1 times
  @Do512Jimmy: 1 times
mistercel mentions:
  @cocacolamike: 1 times
  @mistercel: 1 times
  @minikatsu: 1 times
  @gotCJ: 1 times
  @minitempura: 1 times
  @ELCRI: 1 times
  @prototypehawaii: 1 times
  @RyanVGonsalez: 1 times
  @GreggHammer: 1 times
chadmnavel mentions:
  @reasonmag: 1 times
  @anthonyrandazzo: 1 times
  @katiehooks: 1 times
  @danhayes: 1 times
  @mcmoynihan: 1 times
der_dee mentions:
  @DerDee: 1 times
  @Boehler: 1 times
  @Goltzi: 1 times
  @derkatscher: 1 times
  @tineroyal: 1 times
  @Nin80: 1 times
  @binno77: 1 times
jmbaczewski mentions:
  @caiteconnors: 1 times
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @edwestwick: 1 times
xclusivity mentions:
  @itzcookie: 1 times
  @MollyJ87: 2 times
  @AWishInAMelody: 2 times
  @Nicolethatdiva: 1 times
  @Xclusivity: 1 times
  @Idiart: 1 times
  @itzcook: 1 times
markarchibald mentions:
  @CRESTHalifax: 1 times
chilly_dog mentions:
  @marleyterrier: 1 times
chozanwan mentions:
  @Ognawk: 1 times
  @CorporalKitty: 1 times
  @DaveyPitch: 1 times
  @sonicalpha: 1 times
  @JDNX: 1 times
  @KareemHarper: 1 times
xmissmcflyx mentions:
  @amandamcfly: 1 times
  @mcflyglitter: 1 times
  @McFlyingGirl: 1 times
ckdext mentions:
  @ATXFoodCritic: 1 times
queroul mentions:
  @cawal: 1 times
  @leitedevaca: 1 times
  @sergiojr: 1 times
  @jovemnerd: 1 times
  @borbs: 1 times
  @ivanmiranda: 1 times
  @liviasales: 1 times
  @variasvariaveis: 1 times
  @cherman: 1 times
sensitivepantry mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
helenherman mentions:
  @lindaeaves: 1 times
txhoudini mentions:
  @RedSoxInsider: 1 times
  @Wally97: 1 times
  @JohnWHenry: 1 times
  @JTek33: 1 times
  @DavidOrtiz: 1 times
anisark mentions:
  @anisarkfollowfriday: 1 times
  @mikig2: 1 times
  @keeda: 1 times
  @flyyoufools: 1 times
conservtivemom mentions:
  @macomber4: 1 times
  @ChristianGuide: 1 times
streetpete mentions:
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @c10wnzee: 1 times
  @maxxmonkey: 1 times
  @StripeeSocks: 1 times
  @tanyaashwood: 1 times
thebrassbunny mentions:
  @norcross: 1 times
hyatt_bethesda mentions:
  @HRTamaya: 1 times
  @HyattReston: 1 times
chuckieh mentions:
  @Scribnia: 1 times
  @arikhanson: 1 times
  @simonegrant: 1 times
  @chuckieh: 1 times
  @ambercadabra: 1 times
splashri mentions:
  @TGN: 2 times
ivanuskokovic mentions:
  @kryptonflo: 2 times
  @maxhtaylor: 1 times
  @jallinso: 1 times
  @mbchapma: 1 times
  @constantlburts: 1 times
  @yayoproductionz: 1 times
  @jdotscarlett: 1 times
xgibran mentions:
daniellefab mentions:
  @rachfab: 1 times
  @: 1 times
writingroads mentions:
  @ronmiller: 1 times
  @GeekGirlCamp: 1 times
  @writingroads: 1 times
tweethampton mentions:
  @SteveHaweeli: 1 times
  @hampluxliner: 1 times
  @hamptonjitney: 1 times
ingridsellie mentions:
  @TheNewsChick: 1 times
  @Q13paulinakurtz: 1 times
  @monteenbysk: 1 times
  @jayardee: 1 times
  @Larryvogel: 1 times
  @IngridSellie: 1 times
  @billwixey: 1 times
matt_sf mentions:
  @freefrombroke: 1 times
  @moneyhighway: 1 times
  @moolanomy: 1 times
  @SunFinancial: 1 times
  @MoneyEnergy: 1 times
  @MattSF: 1 times
  @FMFblog: 1 times
  @stretchydollar: 1 times
lovelylisaj mentions:
  @Feltano: 1 times
  @KirstyHilton: 1 times
  @RentalDeception: 1 times
alotofnothing mentions:
  @indigobabs: 1 times
  @photographymom: 1 times
  @NotAMeanGirl: 1 times
falahime mentions:
  @tifftwin: 1 times
  @ThadMcCotter: 1 times
ersko mentions:
  @ficklampa: 1 times
  @RichardDawkins: 1 times
  @Astronautics: 1 times
  @elijahmanor: 1 times
  @NASAEO: 1 times
  @grantimahara: 1 times
  @neave: 1 times
  @iphotograph: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
bennettbeats mentions:
  @paulacassin: 1 times
c0pperboom mentions:
  @XXCATX04XX: 1 times
  @himynameisnick: 1 times
  @laurenb3: 1 times
  @crazyTVaholic: 1 times
  @ilaam: 1 times
  @kittylair: 1 times
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @russcundiff: 1 times
  @lijeyeshaveit: 1 times
xxsnuggiexx mentions:
  @alliefab: 1 times
  @ingiebaby: 1 times
  @izzyneis: 1 times
  @daniellefab: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @geeksdreamgirl: 1 times
  @stephenchristy: 1 times
  @Fraddy26: 1 times
  @dagoat: 1 times
ninamcfly mentions:
  @mcflymusic: 1 times
  @Blazex3: 1 times
  @McFlyFanKatie: 1 times
  @EviLovesMcFly: 1 times
  @anjawood: 1 times
amandacolunga mentions:
  @etsytinahdee: 1 times
  @erikamiami: 1 times
  @marcophotos: 1 times
  @yaamihandmade: 1 times
  @etsy: 1 times
  @bdearmint: 1 times
  @jacksonmartin: 1 times
  @gabmedina: 1 times
rococos mentions:
  @JLanie: 1 times
  @blogging4jobs: 1 times
illustrator_dn mentions:
  @ecojusticeca: 1 times
dopegirl_phresh mentions:
  @dopegirlPHresh: 1 times
  @TurQuOiZeeYeZ: 1 times
  @Blu3b3rri: 1 times
  @str8kash: 1 times
  @BookLoveHer: 1 times
  @butterpecan412: 1 times
itsmejenn3 mentions:
  @RidgleaTheater: 1 times
irinai mentions:
  @PaulTTran: 1 times
igiggles mentions:
  @Dublins98Dave: 1 times
  @fluter: 1 times
  @dhlawrencexvii: 1 times
  @caithomas44: 1 times
  @kevd: 1 times
  @sciritai: 1 times
  @Talk2O2: 1 times
  @lXxluluxXl: 1 times
  @ChonkerLynch: 1 times
  @nonsequitir: 1 times
employmebcvic mentions:
ladythemaltese mentions:
  @ASPCA: 1 times
  @officialpeta: 1 times
  @Bideawee: 1 times
  @PetMD: 1 times
  @WWFUS: 1 times
  @piperspaniel: 1 times
  @Yamrab: 1 times
  @LadyTheMaltese: 1 times
  @Everwalking: 1 times
  @marjieN: 1 times
lordofseo mentions:
  @fantomaster: 1 times
  @DazzlinDonna: 1 times
  @katharnavas: 1 times
  @stuntdubl: 1 times
  @HawaiiSEO: 1 times
  @JonathanGunson: 1 times
  @ChiefCatalyst: 1 times
coxbel mentions:
  @Arqizer: 1 times
malinmastermind mentions:
  @LAgrapevine: 1 times
  @thomaskelly608: 1 times
  @TinyStuff: 1 times
  @mrebd: 1 times
  @MalinMasterMind: 1 times
debmood mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
davidspinks mentions:
  @arikhanson: 1 times
  @cubanalaf: 1 times
  @davidspinks: 1 times
  @lizgiel: 1 times
jtothelo mentions:
  @mkemma: 1 times
  @NiaBassett: 1 times
  @PaulaTeeter: 1 times
  @JtotheLO: 1 times
  @AccenttheParty: 1 times
  @KatieBeeThatsMe: 1 times
monicaobrien mentions:
  @norcross: 1 times
retiredteacherd mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @girlgetstrong2: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
ericzichella mentions:
  @stephsmitheog: 1 times
  @ktyladie: 1 times
  @eddiefrommiami: 1 times
  @ericzichella: 1 times
lughnasadh mentions:
  @22illuminationpretty: 1 times
theentertainer mentions:
  @skanester: 1 times
lifecoachsusan mentions:
  @BeatSupreme: 1 times
  @Billygunns: 1 times
  @mikeadmani: 1 times
  @shelpal: 1 times
  @BlairG1982: 1 times
  @LOALover: 1 times
  @Luvologist: 1 times
  @LifeCoachSusan: 1 times
  @SusanBend: 1 times
  @LifeCoachMary: 1 times
millymarie mentions:
  @trueblooddallas: 1 times
  @truebloodnet: 1 times
  @TrueBloodDotNet: 1 times
kowalskipt mentions:
  @jbizarro: 1 times
  @kowalskipt: 1 times
  @tchetcha: 1 times
aflowernto mentions:
  @DaveG253: 1 times
  @craigmarker: 1 times
  @Nimrod042: 1 times
  @DrBobProject: 1 times
  @jennifernavarro: 1 times
  @aflowernto: 1 times
  @jessefewell: 1 times
kelley808 mentions:
  @MyFengShuiLife: 1 times
  @PowerWomenMag: 1 times
  @DrFernKazlow: 1 times
  @creisinger: 1 times
  @Health2Fit: 1 times
  @Jenerat: 1 times
maint901 mentions:
  @JasonMinas: 1 times
  @SunnyJamiel: 1 times
  @giovannagarcia: 1 times
  @debsoul: 1 times
  @gailbott: 1 times
  @BethBanning: 1 times
  @Inspire2Act: 1 times
  @WomenCan: 1 times
  @KimberScott: 1 times
  @TCOYou: 1 times
flourishingjudy mentions:
  @onemorelesbian: 1 times
  @wolfevideo: 1 times
alcindoj mentions:
  @LeoJaime: 1 times
betheneedle mentions:
  @ctorgan: 1 times
  @BeTheNeedle: 1 times
stevengsaunders mentions:
  @edkaye: 1 times
  @Hypergeek: 1 times
eyeampenelope mentions:
  @MissSididdy: 2 times
hgarcianeri mentions:
  @kdash471: 1 times
  @VOODOOVOX: 1 times
bigbarney993 mentions:
  @Yourdogfood: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @ihelpanimals: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @ymuttley1: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
66keelan61 mentions:
  @petewentz: 1 times
  @trohman: 1 times
  @FUCKCITY: 1 times
  @xsavedgex: 1 times
zoomerangcj mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @hashstats: 1 times
  @hashweb: 1 times
dressupdoll mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
lori423 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
squirrelonmars mentions:
  @squirrelonmars: 1 times
andyleigh mentions:
  @azprgal: 1 times
  @StreetsofNY: 1 times
momwordofmouth mentions:
omkarassociates mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
  @adriandayton: 1 times
ebencom mentions:
  @a11ssa: 1 times
mattasmith mentions:
  @kcnadprk: 1 times
  @infowars: 1 times
  @twye: 1 times
  @USArmy: 1 times
  @Conservative: 1 times
  @WWarII: 1 times
  @libertyrant: 1 times
  @mattdrudge: 1 times
  @ussoccer: 1 times
edithdawg153 mentions:
  @Andyv67FollowFriday: 1 times
  @BbBb: 1 times
  @SteveSchuitt: 1 times
  @AngieMacaroni: 1 times
  @stephintoronto: 1 times
  @FlyRice: 1 times
  @TaDone: 1 times
  @AudiMathisen: 1 times
alliboo461 mentions:
  @SakeOfAnimals: 1 times
  @pawspuppypower: 1 times
  @PuppyCareGuide: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @RescueAnimals: 1 times
  @doglovers: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @PetAgree: 1 times
  @Kat5Rescue: 1 times
beckie_in_lv mentions:
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @TacoBellTruck: 1 times
horngkid597 mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @ShannonBlalock: 1 times
  @mreddinginaz: 1 times
  @NicheCompanion: 1 times
  @Susanne81: 1 times
  @kirkargiro: 1 times
  @CouplaJerks: 1 times
  @jgphl: 1 times
kayakat903 mentions:
  @SakeOfAnimals: 1 times
  @pawspuppypower: 1 times
  @PuppyCareGuide: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @RescueAnimals: 1 times
  @doglovers: 1 times
  @BobGarrett: 1 times
  @PetAgree: 1 times
  @Kat5Rescue: 1 times
roxanne110 mentions:
  @MiloLabradoodle: 1 times
  @showdownthedog: 1 times
kaydenhon309 mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @ShannonBlalock: 1 times
  @mreddinginaz: 1 times
  @NicheCompanion: 1 times
  @Susanne81: 1 times
  @kirkargiro: 1 times
  @CouplaJerks: 1 times
  @jgphl: 1 times
josysexy795 mentions:
  @steveguttridge: 1 times
  @WynGalbraith: 1 times
  @badwebsites: 1 times
  @HRCCTeam: 1 times
  @mattsunday: 1 times
60secondblog mentions:
  @kitkuhne: 1 times
  @kakaze: 1 times
  @midwestguest: 1 times
  @msquote: 1 times
  @lesleay: 1 times
  @makeitseven: 1 times
  @michaelknisley: 1 times
  @davidgiard: 1 times
  @jonhusband: 1 times
  @thesinglelife: 1 times
autumnstar189 mentions:
  @elocio: 1 times
  @successmastery: 1 times
  @ShannonBlalock: 1 times
  @mreddinginaz: 1 times
  @NicheCompanion: 1 times
  @Susanne81: 1 times
  @kirkargiro: 1 times
  @CouplaJerks: 1 times
  @jgphl: 1 times
famkehot299 mentions:
  @themojocoach: 1 times
  @zenatona: 1 times
  @DeepakChopra: 1 times
hawaiialoha mentions:
  @SpudHilton: 1 times
  @westinmaui: 1 times
  @oahuVB: 1 times
  @EastOahuSun: 1 times
  @HawaiiInsider: 1 times
  @hawaiiAloha: 1 times
  @HonoluluMag: 1 times
torimaclean mentions:
  @g4tv: 1 times
  @aots: 1 times
  @thefeed: 1 times
  @websoup: 1 times
  @xplay: 1 times
  @sesslerssoapbox: 1 times
sonicwall_mw mentions:
  @sonicwall: 1 times
  @TedatSonicWALL: 1 times
carin813 mentions:
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @Curescancer: 1 times
  @Bev5K: 1 times
  @cancerkillers: 1 times
  @HealthRanger: 1 times
  @PeterSantilli: 1 times
  @HealthNutter: 1 times
  @Insanelyhealthy: 1 times
  @Heal: 1 times
dahliahon432 mentions:
  @sandeeey: 4 times
  @TandBshow: 1 times
  @cbcradioshow: 1 times
  @brassnuckles: 1 times
  @HoustonKuma: 1 times
  @staceyobrien13: 1 times
  @NYHC: 1 times
brittanipink987 mentions:
  @DesignerG: 1 times
  @c21sftu: 1 times
  @JQue88: 1 times
  @wrigleygirl: 1 times
  @superincome: 1 times
  @GreatWeekends: 1 times
  @anteek: 1 times
  @TimothyBlack: 1 times
  @ExtremeAnnette: 1 times
lexj1229 mentions:
  @sexininiIconlockfollowfriday: 1 times
  @GucciGrands@triggsii@Bossmobb: 1 times
  @CISEDACON@lexj1229: 1 times
bob_drummond mentions:
  @MMAMAFIAnet: 1 times
sherinola mentions:
  @whereNewOrleans: 1 times
evelyndionisio mentions:
  @forasarney: 1 times
mrstackss mentions:
  @IAmDJRansum: 1 times
  @ruffnekprincess: 1 times
  @chrisrockglover: 1 times
  @elbows: 1 times
kjccreates mentions:
  @gtdguy: 1 times
  @tinybuddha: 1 times
elbahrain mentions:
  @bintbattuta: 1 times
  @ahmedzainal: 1 times
  @mahmood: 1 times
gspawn mentions:
  @nikiashton: 1 times
fibenymphs_blog mentions:
  @NutriNerd: 1 times
  @CMblogger: 1 times
  @healthyrecipes: 1 times
  @gfveg: 1 times
_arrogant mentions:
  @ronbcrdi: 1 times
  @youngdeuces: 1 times
  @prophpeezy: 1 times
  @yodot: 1 times
  @axtra: 1 times
  @whz4: 1 times
  @adlib311: 1 times
  @ARROGANT: 1 times
melowens mentions:
  @SonyPictures: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
bobwoodcock1 mentions:
  @sbwalsh: 1 times
adrian_scott mentions:
  @NigelMorgan: 1 times
  @AdrianScott: 1 times
anjelusx mentions:
  @GameFocusdotca: 1 times
  @HarmonixSean: 1 times
  @ArmyOfTwo: 1 times
  @pwningbeauty: 1 times
  @NinjaBeeGames: 1 times
  @dragonage: 1 times
  @ShannonMcPhee: 1 times
  @lgladdy: 1 times
  @noobde: 1 times
oi_futuro_rio mentions:
  @oifm: 1 times
  @oinovosom: 1 times
  @OiFuturoRio: 1 times
  @OiAcontece: 1 times
  @mundooi: 1 times
  @liberdadetotal: 1 times
  @NovosBrasis: 1 times
jrbechthold mentions:
  @xequals: 1 times
jomirife mentions:
  @JoanaRMDias: 1 times
  @miii9: 1 times
michael_duvall mentions:
  @mimojito: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
cestlaviv mentions:
  @erichatheway: 1 times
  @frenchlandscape: 1 times
  @tkrysak: 1 times
  @KSHOhio: 1 times
  @kpequignot: 1 times
  @Artscapes: 1 times
pasquinade mentions:
  @Carus925: 1 times
  @jmdc88: 1 times
sohaloveshs mentions:
  @xomalese: 1 times
  @zachzang: 1 times
  @honorsociety: 1 times
  @andrewleeonline: 1 times
  @iamthecommodore: 1 times
  @DeeYoung08: 1 times
  @stevenmorales: 1 times
liviatj mentions:
  @maysaluz: 1 times
  @CaSchirr: 1 times
writerrdanielak mentions:
  @holymully: 1 times
  @kirste: 1 times
britameric mentions:
  @CarynColgan: 1 times
  @MrOneliner: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @Cleopha: 1 times
  @peterstone40: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @AddisonsCompass: 1 times
  @dodolajah: 1 times
  @docesuspiro: 1 times
hoochiesorlando mentions:
  @qburns: 1 times
  @djbmf: 1 times
  @PhatNJazzy: 1 times
  @casamena: 1 times
  @djheather: 1 times
  @OmRecords: 1 times
  @richmedina: 1 times
  @LarsLB: 1 times
jamesdurham mentions:
  @Melzer: 1 times
rcwclady mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
hahe4 mentions:
  @fullerl: 2 times
  @mindig: 1 times
  @hahe4: 1 times
  @LSchmeck: 1 times
  @dharrison58@SLaramee: 1 times
akacinders mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
robertfreedland mentions:
  @piginthepoke: 1 times
calindrome mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
filippocioni mentions:
  @scrabysys: 1 times
makemeovereb mentions:
  @chatterboxcgc: 1 times
aspiringcouture mentions:
  @stylesmith: 1 times
  @SICCOUTURE: 1 times
  @ascrappydesign: 1 times
  @eNVeDesigns: 1 times
  @luliferrer: 1 times
mrsjasperhale08 mentions:
  @KelseyDD: 1 times
  @SevenTwitubers: 1 times
  @fellonthedoor: 1 times
  @ItsMarisaYo: 1 times
  @CourtneyCullen2: 1 times
  @ShesCorny: 1 times
  @LeahRaeGirl: 1 times
  @RemakersPro: 1 times
  @Joleena: 1 times
theaardvark mentions:
suburban_farmer mentions:
  @GUMsMinis: 1 times
  @oakleafgreen: 1 times
  @InterLeafer: 1 times
  @betweenthelimes: 1 times
  @GRITS1954: 1 times
  @JeanAnnVK: 1 times
the_caafootball mentions:
  @HofstraPride: 2 times
drbadhands mentions:
  @GuyMcMannerson: 2 times
paulamartinez mentions:
  @turisbo: 1 times
  @PaolaMartinez: 1 times
emmanuelgadenne mentions:
  @eogez: 2 times
  @RichardCoffre: 1 times
  @AurelienGirard: 1 times
  @ppmartin: 1 times
  @biclounegirl: 1 times
papapwnsnoobs mentions:
  @geekinthecity: 1 times
jaimeleigh77 mentions:
frau_elise mentions:
  @broti: 1 times
_leocarraretto mentions:
  @fabiopaganotti: 1 times
  @falavini: 1 times
  @forasarney: 1 times
  @fseixas: 1 times
chkcngchopper mentions:
  @chkCNGChopper: 1 times
  @JLanie: 1 times
  @taylorshinn: 1 times
  @russellfamily: 1 times
lynnelle mentions:
  @redwoodred: 1 times
  @marieiris: 1 times
  @RiverGirlCancun: 1 times
  @timorousme: 1 times
  @Lynnelle: 1 times
  @BarbAtSea: 1 times
kpslover007 mentions:
  @Yourdogfood: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @ihelpanimals: 1 times
  @tinydogsrule: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @Petiethecat: 1 times
  @DogSitters: 1 times
  @ymuttley1: 1 times
  @whancock: 1 times
lovestoned420 mentions:
  @rkmar00n: 1 times
thebudgetnista mentions:
  @ThisThatBeauty: 2 times
  @TheBudgetnista: 1 times
  @WhitPR: 1 times
  @raisethebar: 1 times
tomruberto mentions:
  @ninamorena: 1 times
  @465media: 1 times
  @ninamoreno: 1 times
karmarox mentions:
  @mixedspecies: 1 times
  @jenannie: 1 times
  @fringeoriginals: 1 times
  @xiane: 1 times
  @robwhite: 1 times
mizdi mentions:
  @gschan: 1 times
  @Zorlone: 2 times
  @mizdi: 1 times
jessannest mentions:
  @TimesSWLA: 1 times
  @KristinManuel: 1 times
  @bludomain: 1 times
  @jasminestar: 1 times
  @HeatherJBarnes: 1 times
  @nickoledrake: 1 times
  @SETXtweetup: 1 times
  @taraswain: 1 times
itxi_itx mentions:
  @warrenbennett: 1 times
  @sus: 1 times
missnanse mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
julianperez123 mentions:
  @treypennington: 1 times
  @JulianPerez123: 1 times
  @ChuckBaker: 1 times
  @Andyv67: 1 times
  @twittychins: 1 times
  @JanHauser: 1 times
prettyfuls85 mentions:
  @jneekidd: 1 times
meoshhe mentions:
  @butterflykisser: 1 times
  @Wiretapper: 1 times
  @meoshhe: 1 times
  @LMElias: 1 times
  @gaudart: 1 times
  @1Paisley: 1 times
  @cocoloveysoul: 1 times
  @MiSSNARiN: 1 times
  @juicy2009: 1 times
mtndewmartha mentions:
  @TWLOHA: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
  @jamietworkowski: 1 times
  @PerezHilton: 1 times
  @williamsledd: 1 times
celltherapy mentions:
  @attilacsordas: 1 times
  @Monyastemcells: 1 times
adamreiter mentions:
  @modbee: 1 times
bjevans_usav mentions:
  @aspcaShoutout: 1 times
  @MissionOrange: 1 times
  @austinhumane: 1 times
  @PetHelpers: 1 times
  @PSPCAAdopt1: 1 times
mhil1 mentions:
  @alexismichelle: 1 times
  @MayaSan: 1 times
  @mavindigital: 1 times
  @dcconcierge: 1 times
  @mhil1: 1 times
  @Jillfoster: 1 times
mssthang mentions:
  @EnolaTRaven: 1 times
  @OwlAsylum: 1 times
  @MssThang: 1 times
lostdeviant mentions:
  @dpringle: 1 times
  @alydenisof: 1 times
  @bonniegrrl: 1 times
  @CaliLewis: 1 times
  @grantimahara: 1 times
  @JewelStaite: 1 times
  @jseadub: 1 times
  @lostdeviant: 1 times
lilsmoove mentions:
  @iamReGGo: 1 times
  @JdOtWiLl: 1 times
  @Lilsmoove: 1 times
  @Valerie2u: 1 times
  @StephTreasure: 1 times
  @ReneeBarronMN: 1 times
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @naruto70: 1 times
bigpoul mentions:
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
gregwoodhouse mentions:
  @mmfa: 1 times
  @craigcrawford: 1 times
  @huffingtonpost: 1 times
  @KnowYourObama: 1 times
sharkstyliens mentions:
  @sharkstyliens: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 2 times
  @CodeRepair: 1 times
  @Photoverse: 2 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @emceet: 1 times
  @freebiepicks: 1 times
dblazek mentions:
  @ValoremLamb: 1 times
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
motosuperstore mentions:
  @SeattleWushu: 1 times
  @harleytweeter: 1 times
  @motosuperstore: 1 times
  @WideOpenTravel: 1 times
  @ridemotocycle: 1 times
mariec09 mentions:
  @thebleachworks: 1 times
chelleld mentions:
  @mandycp: 1 times
  @stellery: 1 times
  @eitak: 1 times
  @candymellor: 1 times
  @materialistic: 1 times
  @michaelsf: 1 times
  @tarynromanowich: 1 times
  @geekinbrian: 1 times
laikaclub mentions:
  @marianarrpp: 1 times
zepostman mentions:
ikrissi mentions:
  @philcampbell: 1 times
  @documentally: 1 times
paradatx mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @Iblduafollowing: 1 times
jennytornado mentions:
  @energos: 1 times
whistletree mentions:
  @theNetworkingQn: 1 times
kiddretro mentions:
  @Tashimomo: 1 times
  @Icebergdr: 1 times
  @adexter: 1 times
  @LiberianJewels: 1 times
stickyideas mentions:
  @dimitriszotos: 1 times
  @StickyIdeas: 1 times
  @folliero: 1 times
  @EmilyBrown13: 1 times
  @ownrobin: 1 times
  @geedenise: 1 times
  @haikalis: 1 times
matticus82 mentions:
  @Randazzoj: 1 times
risela mentions:
  @streetscene: 1 times
babasfarmlife mentions:
  @BenSpark: 1 times
  @DangerBrown: 1 times
  @YourImpact: 1 times
  @JoeTech: 1 times
  @WB: 1 times
  @Kathywyo: 1 times
  @ann731735: 1 times
  @: 1 times
mzpurrfection mentions:
  @elChanel: 1 times
  @MzPurrfection: 1 times
  @BHBADDEST: 1 times
aerialellis mentions:
  @PictureMane: 1 times
  @AerialEllis: 1 times
pastordavej mentions:
  @MoBlessed: 1 times
  @jasonthebaldguy: 1 times
  @Doorkeeper: 1 times
  @dadofspeckids: 1 times
  @brmbds: 1 times
  @PhilStratton: 1 times
  @30dp: 1 times
  @scubadogg: 1 times
  @bruwmac: 1 times
breonasmith mentions:
  @BusinessWire: 1 times
  @DSPREZ: 1 times
kassandria13 mentions:
  @ShiningStar786: 1 times
anthonymfreed mentions:
  @MariaSpinola: 1 times
  @mattflanagan: 1 times
  @CIOforumSA: 1 times
  @BurgessCT: 1 times
  @ericrobi: 1 times
  @idexperts: 1 times
  @TomMcLain: 1 times
  @gtiadvisors: 1 times
  @KevinJackson: 1 times
instanthunter mentions:
  @mondojay: 1 times
belindamorse mentions:
  @mometzler: 1 times
maxchirkov mentions:
  @steveplunkett: 1 times
elsock mentions:
slkrck mentions:
  @WonderLaura: 1 times
  @tromboneforhire: 1 times
  @alistairl: 1 times
  @MossLover: 1 times
  @bfox11b: 1 times
  @timheuer: 1 times
  @gannotti: 1 times
  @aznextgov: 1 times
  @Mindsharp: 1 times
  @arpanshah: 1 times
  @mikewat: 1 times
betsyhijazi mentions:
  @cree8iv1: 1 times
  @OfficialBB: 1 times
  @Regretful: 1 times
  @CSIFanaticSite: 1 times
  @HouseisRight: 1 times
  @SearchingBones: 1 times
  @RealityExploits: 1 times
  @BigBrotherMad: 1 times
thegonzomama mentions:
  @divatink: 1 times
  @ljinwa: 1 times
  @lakechelan: 1 times
  @woodinvillewash: 1 times
  @tacomawash: 1 times
  @cherylannce: 1 times
moseshawk mentions:
  @ginidietrich: 1 times
sassywitch87 mentions:
  @MMAMAFIAnet: 1 times
flourishes mentions:
  @QueenOfShake: 1 times
vrigsbee mentions:
  @mikefotis: 1 times
  @OnanRulz: 1 times
  @jillybee72: 1 times
  @fivemanjob: 1 times
nicktoma mentions:
  @JBONAMASSA: 1 times
tsc0809 mentions:
  @lesperk: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @tsc0809: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
breakfastatsaks mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
firestarter_it mentions:
  @DCPicks: 1 times
  @feressea: 1 times
  @karirippetoe: 1 times
  @firestarterit: 1 times
  @devessel: 1 times
  @MaryBeallAdlerThx: 1 times
intimatelife mentions:
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @Gotjuicygirl: 1 times
  @Nelson83: 1 times
  @johnsondrummer: 1 times
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @annapulley: 1 times
rolando mentions:
  @MollydeA: 1 times
  @FairyElena: 1 times
jlaveck mentions:
  @CourageCampaign: 1 times
  @ltdanchoi: 1 times
cicadaluvsu mentions:
  @officialcharice: 1 times
bellus3 mentions:
  @Aijadaina: 1 times
  @ScottWGraves: 1 times
  @rwbeagle: 1 times
  @slappyjacks: 1 times
  @KBinSC: 1 times
  @CapitalElector: 1 times
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
lindaalexander mentions:
  @MKAngela: 1 times
colleenlilly mentions:
  @ShiftList: 1 times
carlabone mentions:
  @LaDeeva63: 1 times
  @carlabone: 1 times
  @djtracyyoung: 1 times
  @smaggg: 1 times
  @ClayRivers: 1 times
  @ucmytwitts: 1 times
  @ddkurcfeld: 1 times
  @thehotnessgrrrl: 1 times
carissagold mentions:
  @UncleTrav: 1 times
  @TheeRavenRiley: 1 times
  @OfficialAmandaM: 1 times
  @Gilamuffin: 1 times
  @TinkFan: 1 times
  @Iamvidaguerra: 1 times
  @alexakelly: 1 times
  @WendysWorld: 1 times
  @blondi220: 1 times
dcpinkowitz mentions:
  @drhli: 1 times
  @henpow2nd: 1 times
gardensandcraft mentions:
  @Handmade: 1 times
  @Handmadeblog: 1 times
philkirby mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
progrssvwitness mentions:
  @redwoodr: 1 times
  @MarshallT: 1 times
elissastein mentions:
  @TaraGolightly: 1 times
  @marthafrankel: 1 times
  @KarenRinehart: 1 times
  @RachelResnick: 1 times
  @elissastein: 1 times
  @BlackoutGirl: 1 times
sosgemini mentions:
  @madartista: 1 times
  @GrumpyYetAmusin: 1 times
  @Jaime7722: 1 times
  @MrBerre: 1 times
  @thehivemind: 1 times
  @alliasan: 1 times
vcmarshx mentions:
  @TeamCyrus: 1 times
  @charlthorn: 1 times
  @redfoxferret: 1 times
  @Sarahxx: 1 times
reneethronson mentions:
  @thenathanbaker: 1 times
mayasan mentions:
  @alexismichelle: 1 times
chibbard mentions:
  @workthatdog: 1 times
itsdgc mentions:
  @mzaher: 1 times
matthew_h_smith mentions:
  @palmercashtees: 1 times
silviamarques mentions:
  @CacaRosset: 1 times
wadeontweets mentions:
  @BobBoylan: 1 times
bboudoux mentions:
lucasmicael mentions:
  @Pedriim: 1 times
mikeebridges mentions:
  @iStone: 1 times
  @tomfest: 1 times
pfanderson mentions:
  @dirkstanley: 1 times
  @gtdguy: 1 times
  @cascadia: 1 times
  @musebrarian: 1 times
  @raimalarter: 1 times
  @shelisrael: 1 times
  @joeschmitt: 1 times
  @eysenbach: 1 times
  @neilfinn: 1 times
charlybu mentions:
  @Deltasierra: 1 times
mandinhatorres mentions:
  @Twitteiro: 1 times
  @JuizoFinal: 1 times
  @naosalvo: 1 times
  @amoscamorta: 1 times
tafaconference mentions:
  @CASanctuary: 1 times
  @alleycatallies: 1 times
  @wspa: 1 times
  @UAN1987: 1 times
  @FarmSanctuary: 1 times
robjelinek mentions:
  @marenhogan: 1 times
  @mjdawg: 1 times
  @schwyr72: 1 times
  @tdwnds1: 1 times
  @stephanieALloyd: 1 times
  @morningmika: 1 times
  @lruettimann: 1 times
  @eschreyer: 1 times
  @ginm: 1 times
mdobson84 mentions:
  @KarenDales: 1 times
  @PattiOShea: 1 times
  @YasmineGalenorn: 1 times
  @annetteblair: 1 times
  @anyabast: 1 times
  @DakotaCassidy: 1 times
lila82 mentions:
  @Ic0n0: 1 times
musicquotess mentions:
  @MusicQuotess: 1 times
ginger_dame mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
mosthappyme mentions:
  @FransJr: 1 times
  @Santbrink: 1 times
  @GuidovS: 1 times
  @TwitOlive: 1 times
cureworks mentions:
  @maeneyak: 1 times
  @CopsSayLegalize: 1 times
mistermakemoves mentions:
  @LaTishaDMcflyy: 1 times
  @ThaFuture703: 1 times
  @GlobalGrind: 1 times
  @RussParrShow: 1 times
  @mistermakemoves: 1 times
  @IamDrop7: 1 times
  @tabiBonney: 1 times
  @wale: 1 times
  @jimmyfallon: 1 times
  @ap: 1 times
riverwestna mentions:
  @riverwestna: 1 times
  @AccidentalWI: 1 times
  @RNA: 1 times
  @BayView: 1 times
dj_doughboy mentions:
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @alvinooi: 1 times
  @1lifeliveit: 1 times
  @Blanquis26: 1 times
  @pinksleeves: 1 times
  @DeejayER: 1 times
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
baysickbrian mentions:
  @sharkstyliens: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 2 times
  @CodeRepair: 1 times
  @Photoverse: 2 times
  @GrahamJoy: 1 times
  @emceet: 1 times
  @freebiepicks: 1 times
thesophie mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
birdonawire55 mentions:
  @wisdombegun: 1 times
  @thedailyblonde@drmommy@resourcefulmom: 1 times
  @JessicaGottlieb: 1 times
  @abbebuck: 1 times
compstudy mentions:
  @altgate: 1 times
adamdmurray mentions:
  @katiewest: 1 times
  @smuu: 1 times
  @McKelvie: 1 times
  @bremxjones: 1 times
  @ryanqnorth: 1 times
  @zdarsky: 1 times
  @EmmJay: 1 times
  @christinastrain: 1 times
susiesque mentions:
  @peoplemag: 1 times
  @ustream: 1 times
  @canconat: 1 times
lizwebpage mentions:
  @missusP: 1 times
  @PerkettPR: 1 times
jo_hh mentions:
  @manniac: 1 times
  @diesemWagen: 1 times
omnibudsman mentions:
  @SolarFred: 1 times
  @energytwip: 1 times
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
  @Omnibudsman: 1 times
  @WindyWednesday: 1 times
  @MegaWattSolar: 1 times
  @wholesolar: 1 times
  @solaroy: 1 times
  @KenOatman: 1 times
wolsamnoraa mentions:
  @EVTweeter: 1 times
bonniethompson mentions:
  @ShannonBlalock: 1 times
  @BonnieThompson: 1 times
pjinabnit mentions:
  @LynnFYI: 1 times
  @AKGovSarahPalin: 1 times
  @Cubachi: 1 times
  @HeyTammyBruce: 1 times
  @VannSchaffner: 1 times
digitalscrap mentions:
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @nachhi: 1 times
  @CaronsBeachHs: 1 times
lovestryker mentions:
katie_haman mentions:
  @mwe527@KatieHaman@saraemcmahon: 1 times
alexcreary mentions:
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
micahthebrave mentions:
  @douggpound: 1 times
mytoast mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
gambox mentions:
  @ziocker: 1 times
  @skycirrus: 1 times
  @PostSolencio: 1 times
  @Portero: 1 times
  @noesh: 1 times
  @Netwalker: 1 times
  @eltonio: 1 times
crookhaven mentions:
  @atldub: 1 times
  @thebig0: 1 times
  @Rowlandiv: 1 times
  @HeatPromo: 1 times
  @tricil: 1 times
  @djfigure: 1 times
  @DistalDub: 1 times
  @2Circles: 1 times
  @ionPhoto: 1 times
  @AbletonTweets: 1 times
  @badrunner: 1 times
fastbb mentions:
  @greatfitness: 1 times
amymonroe mentions:
  @ErinAnnMyer: 1 times
  @MelanieofSydney: 1 times
  @AmyMonroe: 1 times
cspannagel mentions:
  @manniac: 1 times
  @diesemWagen: 1 times
i_girl_uk mentions:
  @nj17: 1 times
  @iGirluk: 1 times
foodnsuch mentions:
  @kblackl1: 1 times
  @NikWilson5: 1 times
  @Ttomaso: 1 times
  @fritzy6984: 1 times
  @ccheraso: 1 times
graemethickins mentions:
  @rickmahn: 1 times
  @briannielsen: 1 times
  @btkennett: 1 times
  @partnerup: 1 times
  @deluxecorp: 1 times
  @sborsch: 1 times
  @tbrunelle: 1 times
sebastianf_net mentions:
  @thopex: 1 times
footklan mentions:
  @katheesue: 1 times
  @azprodjs: 1 times
  @arizonaharley: 1 times
  @BDiggs: 1 times
  @straightshotpr: 1 times
  @dannygutknecht: 1 times
vinnyverma mentions:
  @darrenhardy: 1 times
anastasiamcgee mentions:
  @thejobsguy: 1 times
  @sodexocareers: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
  @toryjohnson: 1 times
  @stacymosshr: 1 times
bethlapides mentions:
  @bethlapides: 1 times
dianabaur mentions:
  @MadonnaDP: 1 times
  @vallenuova: 1 times
  @aroadretraveled: 1 times
  @dianabaur: 1 times
  @bellavitaitalia: 1 times
  @casinadirosa: 1 times
  @michellefabio: 1 times
  @ciaoamalfi: 1 times
ginahyams mentions:
  @kimgeralds: 1 times
  @ginahyams: 1 times
  @TEDchris: 1 times
  @Pogue: 1 times
eddyrivas mentions:
  @chillwithwill: 1 times
  @michaelbay: 1 times
dannywilsher mentions:
  @gjindrich: 1 times
  @mikepfs: 1 times
  @BigDaveP: 1 times
  @barefootmomlady: 1 times
  @Caprismama: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
  @DebbraT: 1 times
moviegrrl mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
mrsgotobed mentions:
micki4556 mentions:
  @AskNaughtyNikki: 1 times
  @sexysapphire: 1 times
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @Micki4556: 1 times
  @yumme: 1 times
binkley mentions:
  @KirrusX: 2 times
syntheonline mentions:
  @myohmy2boysFollowFriday: 1 times
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @Loebette: 1 times
  @mkfacesclub: 1 times
  @kimt205: 1 times
  @menacingpickle: 1 times
  @Michelee1433: 1 times
  @some1ssista: 1 times
  @Syntheonline: 1 times
adventurene mentions:
  @Gamertag: 1 times
jangault mentions:
  @sonotony: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
moltenpanther mentions:
  @IHateTunnels: 1 times
hippyhillary mentions:
  @cosmicfolklore: 1 times
  @karmakimmie: 1 times
  @handmadenewsFA: 1 times
pizzanut mentions:
  @facingjihad: 1 times
  @No2Radicalism: 1 times
  @BPTBlog: 1 times
  @sliceoflaodicea: 1 times
  @ourcountryPAC: 1 times
  @SKSofCalifornia: 1 times
ibizard mentions:
  @heidimorton: 1 times
  @iBizard: 1 times
  @jjjinvesting: 1 times
  @joshjq: 1 times
  @ashleebradford: 1 times
  @IsagenixFreak: 1 times
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
pamperedmommaor mentions:
  @slaphappydrums: 1 times
  @loveyourbling: 1 times
  @icingonthecupcake: 1 times
  @kylhpr: 1 times
  @studiopetite: 1 times
  @lolasgirl: 1 times
  @ihearthandmade: 1 times
cpowers94 mentions:
  @himpster: 1 times
webresident mentions:
  @TataMay: 1 times
travelling_wolf mentions:
  @edwardclarke: 1 times
  @SarahBrown10: 1 times
  @merlinsibley: 1 times
  @Traveline: 1 times
  @Travelwriticus: 1 times
thekitschbitsch mentions:
  @TheRawBombshell: 1 times
  @pinupcosmetics: 1 times
  @RICEandBEANZ: 1 times
  @teampinup: 1 times
  @vintageroadside: 1 times
banadam mentions:
  @mometzler: 1 times
ashility mentions:
  @ashility: 1 times
  @fischimglas: 1 times
  @drumzonly: 1 times
  @rosenkrieger: 1 times
  @shultzie: 1 times
juandopazo mentions:
  @darmano: 1 times
adroadtrip mentions:
  @colbywright: 1 times
  @pamslim: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @ColdHearted19: 1 times
  @adroadtrip: 1 times
  @HealthyBitchI: 1 times
  @coreyskort: 1 times
bavettagenealgy mentions:
  @familytreewritr: 1 times
  @FamilySTories@okhistory: 1 times
  @BavettaGenealgy: 1 times
  @TheTLady: 1 times
  @casalinda: 1 times
  @foreverjohnson: 1 times
  @hamzadavis@eatslikeahuman: 1 times
caiteconnors mentions:
  @rjjenkins: 1 times
  @penn: 1 times
  @TaylorMomsen: 1 times
  @blakeclively: 1 times
  @officialchace: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @edwestwick: 1 times
terryblandgodel mentions:
  @philjones40: 1 times
girlypimp mentions:
  @LadySascha: 1 times
  @JohannaBowie: 1 times
  @aphonesexgirl: 1 times
  @GoddessAnnika: 1 times
  @thephonesexspac: 1 times
  @naughtymegan: 1 times
  @WickedBitch: 1 times
  @GirlyPimp: 1 times
jujues mentions:
  @beanobarton: 1 times
hambuggalla mentions:
  @jonjonblue: 1 times
zoemurdock mentions:
  @nettagyrl: 1 times
aaronsbooks mentions:
  @RonHogan: 1 times
  @QuartetPress: 1 times
rickdevrin mentions:
  @glennztees: 1 times
  @despairinc: 1 times
  @bawlsguarana: 1 times
  @swissarmy: 1 times
  @oreillymedia: 1 times
  @seattlegeekly: 1 times
  @thinkgeek: 1 times
  @thecolor: 1 times
homomonday mentions:
  @CourageCampaign: 1 times
  @ltdanchoi: 1 times
dramabutton mentions:
  @amortuti: 1 times
  @bgreinfeld: 1 times
  @monfor: 1 times
  @Naruedyoh: 1 times
  @Olganaiz: 1 times
  @dramabutton: 1 times
pixlsequence mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
uccgc40 mentions:
  @WonderCafe: 1 times
  @oneking: 1 times
  @gilmorepark: 1 times
  @JubileeUnited: 1 times
  @mmuc: 1 times
  @standrewsuc: 1 times
  @fucm: 1 times
dragatomi mentions:
  @64Colors: 1 times
ballerseveradio mentions:
  @BALLERSEVERADIO: 1 times
  @thequeenmajesty: 1 times
  @HUFSF: 1 times
  @DQMNYC: 1 times
  @EVRadio: 1 times
  @BallersEve: 1 times
  @trapsntrunks: 1 times
  @itsmonster: 1 times
  @KimEllis: 1 times
  @theblockradio: 1 times
realityseo mentions:
  @MediaPost: 1 times
  @Techmeme: 1 times
  @TechCrunch: 1 times
  @Compete: 1 times
  @Poynter: 1 times
  @SocialMedian: 1 times
  @LInkedIn: 1 times
  @SEOJobs: 1 times
chamberknight mentions:
  @Securityadvice: 1 times
frugalchick mentions:
  @SavingSense: 1 times
  @CommnSenseMoney: 1 times
  @KingdomFirstMom: 1 times
  @CentsibleSawyer: 1 times
  @ErinGifford: 1 times
  @HomemakerBarbi: 1 times
  @gumby007: 1 times
  @Cou: 1 times
titabobra mentions:
  @LaPlagadel76: 1 times
  @Celtha: 1 times
  @allyfar: 1 times
devil mentions:
  @vanniedinh: 1 times
  @Devil: 1 times
ripcityproject mentions:
  @adamcbest: 1 times
  @ARoyalPain: 1 times
  @justindefeo: 1 times
  @ITIScott: 1 times
  @fansided: 1 times
  @thezoner: 1 times
  @ripcityproject: 1 times
  @TheEbonyBird: 1 times
  @12thManRising: 1 times
ronhagenhoff mentions:
  @nearbytweets: 1 times
  @brucewagner: 1 times
  @TerryUpton: 1 times
  @Lightbring3r: 1 times
suzcorner mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @EdAugusts: 1 times
darthnemesis mentions:
  @misstacobell: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
  @alyssamilano: 1 times
  @nasa: 1 times
  @donttrythis: 1 times
  @geektyrant: 1 times
campingblogger mentions:
  @agirlcalledm: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @MarilynRes: 1 times
  @CampingGal: 1 times
  @rulette: 1 times
  @SierraMagazine: 1 times
toxicassets4u mentions:
  @carigervinMPB: 1 times
  @DollarPolitics: 1 times
  @publici: 1 times
  @OpenSecretsDC: 1 times
plimpton777 mentions:
  @charliejane: 1 times
desert_rose1969 mentions:
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @AnnetteColby: 1 times
  @DailyTarot: 1 times
  @TweetDeck: 1 times
  @IndigoSpirit: 1 times
  @Judi8862: 1 times
  @NatureSpirits: 1 times
  @thetarotlady: 1 times
  @Tarotmaiden: 1 times
karenscharf mentions:
  @HowardBienstock: 1 times
christasimone mentions:
  @womenince: 1 times
  @olpc: 1 times
  @dd22579: 1 times
shel mentions:
  @johncass: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @conniereece: 1 times
  @cbensen: 1 times
  @catchuplady: 1 times
  @krishnade: 1 times
  @paullyoung: 1 times
pizzikatie mentions:
  @JagerTiger: 1 times
rossdunn mentions:
  @KulpreetSingh: 1 times
  @richdocekal: 1 times
  @DaBigCheeze: 1 times
  @fyvendyme: 1 times
  @dingdong: 1 times
  @tinax88: 1 times
  @jemmen: 1 times
gizzangsta mentions:
  @sarkastickunt: 1 times
  @melade: 1 times
  @girlvanized: 1 times
  @mamitamojita: 1 times
  @angeblack: 1 times
  @sokeri: 1 times
  @davislove: 1 times
scribnia mentions:
  @arikhanson: 1 times
  @simonegrant: 1 times
  @chuckieh: 1 times
  @ambercadabra: 1 times
jamila_imani mentions:
  @justmajfollowfriday: 1 times
  @maliaSHUTup: 1 times
  @Ambriahisrad: 1 times
  @lexissampson: 1 times
  @MsBreannaBaker: 1 times
  @JaiLion: 1 times
  @JamilaImani: 1 times
  @rarebre3d: 1 times
moniqueterrell mentions:
  @etiquette101: 1 times
  @aswedolife: 1 times
  @themarketingguy: 1 times
  @ginamstudio: 1 times
  @dropmyprop: 1 times
okamimars mentions:
  @anna8687: 1 times
jdeluccia mentions:
  @sfoak: 1 times
  @JDeLuccia: 1 times
jenzenn mentions:
  @jpmillsent: 1 times
  @mortyspants: 1 times
  @tpowell09: 1 times
  @DantesNightlife: 1 times
  @sensible: 1 times
  @cyndef: 1 times
  @laurenvaught: 1 times
sativasister mentions:
  @PotLegalization: 1 times
matthewtrickey mentions:
  @Jerenisugly: 1 times
  @AaronWBennett: 1 times
  @OnMagazinefingers: 1 times
toresupra mentions:
  @davepdotorg: 1 times
  @mikejmartin1: 1 times
  @HappyAtheist: 1 times
  @crispysea: 1 times
  @denyreligion: 1 times
  @MickNugent: 1 times
  @ruthsworld: 1 times
  @krypto: 1 times
georgeann13 mentions:
  @emmarose903: 1 times
  @Diana75: 1 times
  @silkytooth: 1 times
  @ArikaL: 1 times
  @greekpeace: 1 times
  @georgeann13: 1 times
  @DdubsButtah: 1 times
  @mkellogg: 1 times
  @LegendaryWriter: 1 times
buck75 mentions:
  @Kiamba: 1 times
gerardopec mentions:
  @comscore: 1 times
  @compete: 1 times
  @nielsenwire: 1 times
youquit mentions:
  @TonyJEH: 1 times
doodletronicsp mentions:
  @maggiekb1: 1 times
innovadia mentions:
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @WhiteHeronMI: 1 times
  @AndreaPuddu: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @twitseeker: 1 times
  @FunkeyFlashBack: 1 times
  @collagen: 1 times
  @FreedomFactory: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
dinacload mentions:
  @doxasoma: 1 times
smokymountaintn mentions:
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @ultimateAleks: 1 times
  @starvingbroker: 1 times
  @SpcSquad: 1 times
  @successbrenda: 1 times
  @SmokyMountainTN: 1 times
  @openingenergy: 1 times
  @THATDAMNGEMINI: 1 times
tchetcha mentions:
  @kowalskipt: 2 times
  @jbizarro: 1 times
  @tchetcha: 1 times
fernreiss mentions:
  @allegra2157: 1 times
  @draccah: 1 times
  @FernReiss: 1 times
zanekelly mentions:
  @UGWellness: 1 times
  @climbfind: 1 times
  @trxfitness: 1 times
  @AthInMotion: 1 times
traydawson mentions:
  @ChellyBelle: 1 times
erikai mentions:
  @Erikai: 1 times
  @darealsuperwman: 1 times
  @sjax13: 1 times
  @: 1 times
gribbsdesigns mentions:
  @tamarakenyon: 1 times
  @BoiseLowdown: 1 times
  @Etsy: 1 times
  @AmpersandDesign: 1 times
  @DesignNewz: 1 times
  @Mediabistro: 1 times
  @thesoup: 1 times
  @thewindypixel: 1 times
danowen79 mentions:
  @RevViews: 1 times
  @RobBuckley: 1 times
  @SnarkandFury: 1 times
  @MattMurrell: 1 times
  @jamesmoran: 1 times
  @robinkelly1: 1 times
agewiseliving mentions:
  @ShallieBey: 1 times
kylesays mentions:
  @skishua: 1 times
  @imzunicorn: 1 times
scottashton1 mentions:
  @chamberindustry: 1 times
crazycstudios mentions:
  @thegreenavenger: 1 times
  @mrtweep: 1 times
monicabrand mentions:
  @Doublelattemama: 1 times
kitschywriter mentions:
  @berzerkeley: 1 times
  @suburbanmuse: 1 times
sakeofanimals mentions:
  @MyPuppyPlanner: 1 times
  @GoPetFriendly: 1 times
  @enlightenedk9: 1 times
  @workthatdog: 1 times
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
siamakmemarian mentions:
  @mauijoycieMahalo: 1 times
  @TasteHawaii: 1 times
  @SiamakMemarian: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @manatmouse: 1 times
  @aimeectillar: 1 times
  @xmellyssax: 1 times
paulbartonabc mentions:
  @creativecomms: 1 times
  @outtathegate: 1 times
  @dave1meyer: 1 times
  @gojohnab: 1 times
  @egrenz: 1 times
  @archanaverma: 1 times
canageek mentions:
  @hidama: 1 times
bethwalkr mentions:
  @HeyTammyBruce: 1 times
  @IngrahamAngle: 1 times
  @infidelsarecool: 1 times
  @c4400: 1 times
erinfrazier8 mentions:
  @LeedsCUBoulder: 1 times
  @cubouldernews: 1 times
  @cubuffs: 1 times
  @cuartssciences: 1 times
  @cuboulderevents: 1 times
lofidelity mentions:
  @midsouthpeace: 1 times
polartilt mentions:
  @DallasMuseumArt: 1 times
  @NasherSculpture: 1 times
  @KimbellArt: 1 times
  @CrowCollection: 1 times
  @thecarter: 1 times
  @thewomensm: 1 times
valerieconfctns mentions:
  @ChefsWhoTweet: 1 times
  @chefgui: 1 times
pcfilho mentions:
samuelvarela mentions:
  @escribacafe: 1 times
  @rodrigotucano: 1 times
  @renanturrm: 1 times
  @phsantos: 1 times
  @eddienews: 1 times
  @williamboner: 1 times
michaelmaas mentions:
  @TapeWrangler: 1 times
  @ATISocialMktg: 1 times
  @mcort: 1 times
traceyctt mentions:
  @drinkwinebar: 1 times
  @Trinigourmet: 1 times
  @NaplesTomato: 1 times
  @civis: 1 times
ericahargreave mentions:
  @KulpreetSingh: 1 times
crouchman mentions:
  @FreedomWeaver: 1 times
  @RebeckaRead: 1 times
daveyank mentions:
  @noitworld: 1 times
aclu mentions:
  @GrrrlRomeo: 1 times
  @ACLU: 1 times
l3379lad180r mentions:
  @KaizenHawaii: 1 times
  @loodge: 1 times
  @darrennakao: 1 times
christypolek mentions:
  @JAJMiami: 1 times
biozonanews mentions:
  @IAmBiotech: 1 times
  @biozonanews: 1 times
  @azbiopavilion: 1 times
  @WCBD4U: 1 times
  @JPlovesCOTTON: 1 times
  @BioSpace365: 1 times
  @NextBio: 1 times
  @chronsciguy: 1 times
honeymae mentions:
  @KulpreetSingh: 1 times
djdiamondtip mentions:
  @ikeaka2020: 1 times
  @3rdID: 1 times
  @damienrandle: 1 times
  @Herothesavior: 1 times
  @micskills: 1 times
  @Radremm: 1 times
windowblindsuk mentions:
  @MagicLady: 1 times
  @partysprite: 1 times
  @JaynesJewels: 1 times
  @PercythePigeon: 1 times
  @stallfinder: 1 times
  @balloonbaboon: 1 times
  @hairdryerhewson: 1 times
  @littlebead: 1 times
mikalg mentions:
  @DavidNoe: 2 times
  @mikalg: 1 times
camsicle mentions:
  @TheMBC: 1 times
  @ccatko: 1 times
  @bweariz: 1 times
  @jennywade: 1 times
  @rikerdonegal: 1 times
  @reaperdmv: 1 times
  @TheCWReaper: 1 times
nrdavis mentions:
  @GrrrlRomeo: 1 times
  @ACLU: 1 times
mankoun mentions:
  @Hariskr: 1 times
  @mihelic: 1 times
  @rakalilla: 1 times
  @CFuDancer96: 1 times
  @yellowcola: 1 times
lhccmatt mentions:
  @molokainews@MarshallT: 1 times
  @TheNewsChick: 1 times
  @boneinthefan: 1 times
  @RockChickDesign: 1 times
  @GregGehr: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @svetin: 1 times
  @greggluhring: 1 times
nielshailey mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @Zombieland: 1 times
  @JulieandJulia: 1 times
  @D9Movie: 1 times
  @SoYearOne: 1 times
  @UglyTruthMovie: 1 times
iambiotech mentions:
  @biozonanews: 1 times
  @azbiopavilion: 1 times
  @WCBD4U: 1 times
  @JPlovesCOTTON: 1 times
  @BioSpace365: 1 times
  @NextBio: 1 times
  @chronsciguy: 1 times
safegeek mentions:
  @LilTanLines: 1 times
  @SRowl: 1 times
  @chicklet7: 1 times
  @smile4mepatty: 1 times
  @Sirthinks: 1 times
  @StacyDAdkins: 1 times
  @petitecurvydiva: 1 times
jillianmess mentions:
  @eitak: 1 times
  @mandycp: 1 times
  @tinyvamp: 1 times
miracleman mentions:
loyjet mentions:
  @Bouclesdorees: 1 times
  @camdes: 1 times
  @youyouk: 1 times
  @GeekCulture: 1 times
  @JDGNetwork: 1 times
  @papygeek: 1 times
  @stagueve: 1 times
  @dyvantity: 1 times
  @Yodah@tuxplanet: 1 times
  @Korben: 1 times
cruzer2727 mentions:
  @chrisferrill: 1 times
  @alliecine: 1 times
  @cmgarcia: 1 times
  @daneforst: 1 times
  @dustinpitcher: 1 times
  @dynoma: 1 times
  @robinchristine: 1 times
  @snowboarder54d: 1 times
  @tedroddy: 1 times
michaelanschel mentions:
  @environmentmad: 1 times
  @LikesChocolate: 1 times
  @christopher1929: 1 times
  @naturalbuilthom: 1 times
  @BDProducts: 1 times
  @berttaddei: 1 times
  @SocialViz: 1 times
lauritagarcia mentions:
  @jorgeletralia: 1 times
groovymarlin mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
luccaleollas mentions:
  @DanAmrich: 1 times
  @skywokka: 1 times
theecoist mentions:
  @AneRushPRnews: 1 times
  @icount4myearth: 1 times
  @unhealthytruth: 1 times
  @ClimateProject: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @EcoChic: 1 times
  @ecogreentravel: 1 times
  @theEcoDiva: 1 times
  @myearth360: 1 times
_ykv mentions:
  @yourheart: 1 times
oslolso mentions:
  @Aimeemouse: 1 times
  @roxannejean: 1 times
janehbdesignsf mentions:
  @kitchenscom: 1 times
  @ndkitchens: 1 times
  @saintpetepaul: 1 times
  @KitchAnnStyle: 1 times
  @JaneHBDesignSF: 1 times
  @SusanPalmer: 1 times
riba_br mentions:
  @Brusheezy: 1 times
dishiness mentions:
  @djtrend: 1 times
  @dishiness: 1 times
divorcedivablog mentions:
  @scarletmandy: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @magneticwoman: 1 times
  @girlswithgoals: 1 times
  @lorimoreno: 1 times
bikini_beat mentions:
  @abefrohman: 1 times
  @bigboobkimber: 1 times
katjapresnal mentions:
  @CommnSenseMoney: 1 times
  @CentsibleSawyer: 1 times
tragedyman mentions:
  @ohsuperheroine: 1 times
mistysutton mentions:
  @sutton78: 1 times
senginepeople mentions:
  @DanaMorrow: 1 times
  @senginepeople: 1 times
  @marketingcodes: 1 times
  @kalpeshk: 1 times
  @mate77: 1 times
wiredwoman mentions:
  @frankearring: 1 times
eringifford mentions:
  @mommysnacks: 1 times
  @CommnSenseMoney: 1 times
  @BargainBriana: 1 times
  @ErinGifford: 1 times
  @AllYou: 1 times
steveonbroadway mentions:
  @broadwayandme: 1 times
  @SpeakOut26: 1 times
  @ChrisVanPatten: 1 times
  @kendavenport: 1 times
  @BroadwayGirlNYC: 1 times
  @Phierce: 1 times
  @openspacer: 1 times
  @curtainup: 1 times
  @HDCinema: 1 times
aandress mentions:
  @Trixsilva: 1 times
  @Gucaine: 1 times
  @Samuh: 1 times
  @Betancourtdey: 1 times
  @Erickalexander: 1 times
mrdavidj mentions:
  @nicolalalalala: 1 times
  @mrdavidj: 1 times
bj_weber mentions:
  @rendadmregister: 1 times
  @doorstepdirect: 1 times
  @fabienne: 1 times
  @woodysmokeshack: 1 times
  @dedikated: 1 times
  @kriesberg07: 1 times
abedross mentions:
  @abedross: 1 times
  @cybertegicseo: 1 times
  @hiptip: 1 times
  @daphnepeterson: 1 times
rochelle013 mentions:
  @USArmy: 1 times
destiny2711 mentions:
  @watsoncomedian: 1 times
  @danielmaier: 1 times
  @serafinowicz: 1 times
  @flidby: 1 times
  @mrchrisaddison: 1 times
  @davidschneider: 1 times
  @glinner: 1 times
  @xanneroo: 1 times
crosscultural mentions:
  @BarryWerner: 1 times
marilyneb mentions:
  @BISScience: 1 times
  @bisgovuk: 1 times
  @ukparliament: 1 times
  @sciencewise: 1 times
  @BISSkills: 1 times
  @BISUnis: 1 times
adamjtp mentions:
  @Nickdrumr2: 1 times
  @snapplynn: 1 times
  @mikejmartin1: 1 times
soxanddawgs mentions:
kkyno mentions:
  @MattBeilisFans: 1 times
  @AJ2000: 1 times
  @cindygolding: 1 times
  @: 1 times
buzzstocks mentions:
  @STOCKTWITS: 1 times
  @Dasan: 1 times
  @RatioTrader: 1 times
  @BuyOnTheDip: 1 times
  @STOCKPRO777: 1 times
  @irpr20: 1 times
kidronlewis mentions:
  @aarontitus: 1 times
  @wscii: 1 times
paul_e_cooley mentions:
  @bittenByBooks: 1 times
  @social408: 1 times
  @evanschnittman: 1 times
  @nolimitsdude: 1 times
  @JoannaFoley: 1 times
  @szareware: 1 times
  @justinjordan: 1 times
  @WindyLynnHarris: 1 times
bassosaur mentions:
  @sscarboro: 1 times
  @loswhit: 1 times
  @philwbass: 1 times
  @josiahpotter: 1 times
  @blindtex52: 1 times
  @proverbsfeed: 1 times
  @mattstevensloop: 1 times
matheus_giovann mentions:
  @dexter: 1 times
  @cherman: 1 times
patricmichael mentions:
  @ETeja: 1 times
neecie mentions:
  @twci: 1 times
  @entitiesrus: 1 times
  @severestudios: 1 times
  @twistersisters: 1 times
  @findthetornado: 1 times
vanns mentions:
  @shaneclouse: 2 times
  @: 1 times
zehnbar mentions:
  @derwendtde: 1 times
  @diemaschinistin: 1 times
  @ffast: 1 times
  @officeworkout: 1 times
  @thoxan: 1 times
  @panatlantica: 1 times
mef78 mentions:
  @newprofit: 1 times
  @AshokaTweets: 1 times
  @ssstrom: 1 times
  @tactphil: 1 times
brogenhayes mentions:
  @MuseLotus: 1 times
modernsextrash mentions:
  @2012threads: 1 times
  @godmachineuk: 1 times
  @quakerninja: 1 times
  @Mattgondek: 1 times
  @THEWORKSTEADY: 1 times
  @VirtualMonk: 1 times
  @sarakiesling: 1 times
  @sevnthsin: 1 times
aribadler mentions:
  @ellenejones: 1 times
angicat mentions:
  @SaferSephiroth: 1 times
  @blackmateria: 1 times
  @LordSephiroth: 1 times
  @midgarteam: 1 times
  @MaydenRemnant: 1 times
  @sciencequeen: 1 times
  @holyurass: 1 times
  @ShinRaReno: 1 times
laurasa mentions:
  @CornucopiaInst: 1 times
mariurdaneta mentions:
  @FilmJG: 1 times
  @votolatino: 1 times
  @abby2saints: 1 times
  @jackieguerra: 1 times
  @BTBTB25: 1 times
  @Mariurdaneta: 1 times
  @lnihlen: 1 times
oberazzi mentions:
  @chrisgampatRT: 1 times
  @Blind: 1 times
  @lodro: 1 times
  @oberazzi: 1 times
  @pandarazzi: 1 times
  @ceotty: 1 times
  @chrisgampat: 1 times
  @blindphotogs: 1 times
sbuxdrink mentions:
  @resilientheart: 1 times
  @CoffeeCupNews: 1 times
  @Sbuxdrink: 1 times
  @Starbucks: 1 times
  @StarbucksV2V: 1 times
  @coffeezen: 1 times
  @starbucksgeek: 1 times
gmkerwin mentions:
  @ChangeforIran: 1 times
  @jimsciuttoABC: 1 times
  @mousavi1388: 1 times
  @worldlee1: 1 times
  @youngdemocrat: 1 times
  @nytimeskristof: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @warrenellis: 1 times
  @GoneLive: 1 times
nicktoohunty mentions:
  @deadzone6905: 1 times
  @funkyjudge: 1 times
  @anthonylt53: 1 times
  @castra73: 1 times
  @MyCakesRock: 1 times
  @bunny3Gdrumming: 1 times
  @juliaundchicco: 1 times
  @stuartcookney: 1 times
mentazm mentions:
  @midi2304: 1 times
  @phoebehenderson: 1 times
  @sashagrey: 1 times
  @slashfilm: 1 times
  @robbiereviews: 1 times
  @cockbongo: 1 times
  @filmstalker: 1 times
  @alanhostage: 1 times
  @cocoatemypants: 1 times
soygoy mentions:
  @shoestringing: 1 times
  @mydesire: 1 times
  @chrisblake: 1 times
  @1987productions: 1 times
  @MissTori: 1 times
tec2030 mentions:
  @alisonhaslip: 1 times
  @rcrdlbl: 1 times
  @elizapatricia: 1 times
  @miraclelaurie: 1 times
  @dichenlachman: 1 times
  @itsmeleighton: 1 times
  @hulu: 1 times
  @meekakitty: 1 times
  @bradshoemaker: 1 times
  @taswell: 1 times
beegejohnson mentions:
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @SKSofCalifornia: 1 times
  @Dougpmd: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @personified: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
  @joelcomm: 1 times
  @TwittPro: 1 times
sueinge mentions:
  @Aleias: 1 times
  @SoDelicious: 1 times
  @GuaranteedGF: 1 times
  @GFGrandmaBNC: 1 times
  @SamAbernathy: 1 times
  @SueInge: 1 times
  @CeliacHandbook: 1 times
  @glutenfreebakes: 1 times
picknicksbrain mentions:
  @Feelslikehome: 2 times
  @susancarraretto: 1 times
  @afroginmysoup: 1 times
  @DebMomOf3: 1 times
irish_maggie mentions:
  @TwilightFan1442: 1 times
  @mightyant: 1 times
  @crystalclear16: 1 times
littlemump mentions:
  @jessicashops: 1 times
  @spunkymel: 1 times
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
bjam331 mentions:
  @annaanisin: 1 times
  @Lutherand: 1 times
  @fragileheart: 1 times
  @BizWriterKristi: 1 times
  @BaileyMcC: 1 times
  @WeeLaura: 1 times
  @DigitalRoyalty: 1 times
not_yet mentions:
  @kcnadprk: 1 times
  @ssstrom: 1 times
ms_melindah mentions:
  @privilegedcirc: 1 times
  @MsMelindaH: 1 times
  @the6footer: 1 times
  @holdmypurse: 1 times
  @juneambrose: 1 times
  @morganW: 1 times
jusru1 mentions:
  @WIZTV: 1 times
  @jusru1: 1 times
  @CopaTV: 1 times
  @PrinceKhalil: 1 times
  @djenvy: 1 times
  @brikx: 1 times
  @wiztv: 1 times
  @1stladyel: 1 times
  @rnbapril: 1 times
  @freebleudavinci: 1 times
  @slicktal: 1 times
leadtweets mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @leadtweets: 1 times
  @sunztech: 1 times
  @myrema: 1 times
barronlau mentions:
  @chokewho: 1 times
  @SupremeKnight: 1 times
  @KnuckleSlap: 1 times
  @barronlau: 1 times
  @LethalPrincess: 1 times
jercrowle mentions:
  @kk: 1 times
  @vanbiennale: 1 times
  @joshdunford: 1 times
  @brooksduncan: 1 times
  @andymiah: 1 times
  @maurar: 1 times
  @jordanbehan: 1 times
  @seancran: 1 times
  @tyfn: 1 times
johnbfromtn mentions:
  @majornelson: 1 times
  @neowinfeed: 1 times
  @WilHarris: 1 times
  @jowyang: 1 times
  @MichaelManna: 1 times
  @OhSnapVince: 1 times
  @zeldman: 1 times
  @mmWine: 1 times
  @adamcoomes: 1 times
madaerodog mentions:
  @corewarrior: 1 times
  @reBang: 1 times
  @reuseum: 1 times
  @DrTread: 1 times
  @madaerodog: 1 times
  @hashopensource: 1 times
  @peteravalos: 1 times
  @TheRTer: 1 times
  @jotbe: 1 times
  @braceta: 1 times
rebeccaserra mentions:
  @sweetlilmzmia: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @ybthr: 1 times
  @pyeah: 1 times
  @SK9er: 1 times
dmworks mentions:
  @SandFlei: 1 times
  @CManteria: 1 times
  @techchat: 1 times
  @mediaphyter: 1 times
  @Aerocles: 1 times
  @StacyRHagan: 1 times
  @SteveGarfield: 1 times
  @MargaretCho: 1 times
  @problogger: 1 times
  @rdcom2000: 1 times
thestacia mentions:
  @ssdp: 1 times
  @pennjillette: 1 times
  @esamek: 1 times
  @jimidevine: 1 times
  @reasonmag: 1 times
  @radleybalko: 1 times
  @drugpolicy: 1 times
  @copssaylegalize: 1 times
  @tylerhsmith: 1 times
  @sandrawhyhong: 1 times
filmjunk mentions:
  @DocumentaryBlog: 1 times
esquire666 mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
rossrubin mentions:
  @piplzchoice: 1 times
pultehomes mentions:
  @azbillboard: 1 times
dirged mentions:
  @dirged: 1 times
babypatches mentions:
  @TeaganTheDog: 1 times
  @beaglelover1200: 1 times
  @SinkDrink: 1 times
  @zoexdog: 1 times
  @mitejoe: 1 times
  @MonkeyCat: 1 times
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
  @ShawneeShep: 1 times
  @SidTheCatahoula: 1 times
  @09Casper: 1 times
pixelmeow mentions:
  @reimagin: 1 times
  @sanjayguptaCNN: 1 times
  @SenJohnMcCain: 1 times
  @ThankASoldier: 1 times
  @theanimalrescue: 1 times
  @VictoriaLWatson: 1 times
  @wtop: 1 times
  @WilliamShatner: 1 times
  @greendayfans: 1 times
deadbrokes mentions:
  @pops28: 1 times
siccnasty mentions:
  @jarobione: 1 times
  @lilkimsworld: 1 times
  @djenvy: 1 times
  @Consultuum: 1 times
  @asexynyfemale: 1 times
  @greasyfungus: 1 times
noteify mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
gottalaff mentions:
  @dmf71: 1 times
  @timzero4: 1 times
  @eddyizm: 1 times
  @mocha59: 1 times
  @futuredirected: 1 times
  @andrewhuntre: 1 times
jorgecollazo mentions:
  @FourSeasons: 1 times
  @FSSeattle: 1 times
jgaylord mentions:
  @crazeegeekchick: 1 times
  @lazycoder: 1 times
  @averyj: 1 times
  @peterbromberg: 1 times
  @ayende: 1 times
  @ChrisLove: 1 times
  @ShawnWildermuth: 1 times
  @smashingmag: 1 times
  @danidiaz: 1 times
  @robhoward: 1 times
adultorphan mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
theshoedawg mentions:
  @malasander: 1 times
christi_millar mentions:
  @lisamack: 1 times
  @insomniacoffee: 1 times
tojuntopr mentions:
  @pabel6: 2 times
  @pastoroviedo: 1 times
  @margermusic: 1 times
  @danielalujan: 1 times
  @patafunk: 1 times
  @gbastidas: 1 times
  @rodolfomarques: 1 times
  @cathylongo: 1 times
  @cesarbrizuel: 1 times
jessesgirl77 mentions:
  @ClintIncredible: 2 times
kelliplasket mentions:
  @tammytibbetts: 1 times
  @AlexSeise: 1 times
  @lindseypollak: 1 times
  @Jerseyshorejen: 1 times
  @kaitlinwithak: 1 times
  @brianstelter: 1 times
  @EWAusielloFiles: 1 times
  @EWAnnieBarrett: 1 times
cmajor mentions:
  @AnneWeiskopf: 1 times
  @schneidermike: 1 times
  @Cmajor: 1 times
  @jeffcutler: 1 times
sherryjones mentions:
  @RonHogan: 1 times
gaytwogether mentions:
  @empoor: 1 times
  @jeffrago: 1 times
  @tGGtH: 1 times
  @w0lfh0und: 1 times
  @SteveSinCa: 1 times
  @StrikeMeGyllen: 1 times
  @bucketsofgay: 1 times
  @mikejUA90: 1 times
  @DneBrevO: 1 times
  @yero69: 1 times
hanibalgoitom mentions:
  @ChineseLaw: 1 times
  @itspoppet: 1 times
  @ecarr42: 1 times
  @atweber: 1 times
mrdime mentions:
  @TrustBranding: 1 times
  @johnyepes: 1 times
  @lunaliu: 1 times
  @lizwertz: 1 times
  @iamwun: 1 times
  @febiandi: 1 times
  @KeenYahElle: 1 times
  @SparkleChi: 1 times
  @newsage: 1 times
  @JustBella: 1 times
verspohlgrafix mentions:
  @ChristophBauer: 1 times
tours4fun mentions:
  @ohmichael: 1 times
  @ItalianAmerGirl: 1 times
  @lindseygirl: 1 times
  @livethchrmdlife: 1 times
  @tours4fun: 1 times
  @womanontheroad: 1 times
  @solotraveler: 1 times
  @wanderlustwomen: 1 times
mikeysdad08 mentions:
  @ClintIncredible: 1 times
kenv mentions:
  @EmilieBarta: 1 times
  @stevegarfield: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @CBSNews: 1 times
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
  @TUAW: 1 times
  @FrodoBaggins: 1 times
  @petercoffin: 1 times
  @nerdist: 1 times
robynbriody mentions:
  @laurenreynolds: 1 times
  @msjillian16: 1 times
  @mreynoldsMLB: 1 times
  @robynbriody: 1 times
  @LittleMissBizE: 1 times
  @tiffco: 1 times
  @TVSquee: 1 times
  @glamstarlet: 1 times
jnickles mentions:
  @magnetsfast: 1 times
  @wayneliew: 1 times
  @perrybelcher: 1 times
  @nextvoice247: 1 times
  @bradleywill: 1 times
  @smallbizbee: 1 times
  @jnickles: 1 times
  @fast180: 1 times
  @imisner: 1 times
voodoovox mentions:
  @reaperstinky: 1 times
snazl mentions:
  @KatjaPresnal: 1 times
  @AudreyMcClellan: 1 times
  @StaceySoleil: 1 times
  @askelf: 1 times
magic_lady mentions:
  @partysprite: 1 times
  @JaynesJewels: 1 times
  @PercythePigeon: 1 times
  @stallfinder: 1 times
  @balloonbaboon: 1 times
  @hairdryerhewson: 1 times
  @littlebead: 1 times
  @thecamomilelawn: 1 times
zombie_claire mentions:
  @FizzyDuck: 1 times
  @sorcha69: 1 times
divinewarrior mentions:
  @ExtraGlamorous: 2 times
  @CWilSoFollowFriday: 1 times
  @divinewarrior: 1 times
  @Listersmate: 1 times
  @SKORGEDAHOODLUM: 1 times
  @BabygirlSoMajor: 1 times
  @BIGRUIZ: 1 times
energycircle mentions:
  @groundedpower: 1 times
  @microsofthohm: 1 times
  @plotwatt: 1 times
  @emeter: 1 times
  @dankaplan1: 1 times
aycockonxion mentions:
  @jmblicious: 1 times
  @jmewaite: 1 times
mschrista mentions:
  @rubysharp: 1 times
  @MsChrista: 1 times
dexter_ mentions:
  @giovanazequini: 1 times
  @cherman: 1 times
  @matheusgiovann: 1 times
angela_albright mentions:
  @ShiftList: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
shravana mentions:
  @mgibli: 2 times
  @shravana: 1 times
  @leander80: 1 times
  @atkailash: 1 times
dadiaperbank mentions:
  @JodiMaas: 1 times
  @helpamotherout: 1 times
  @DADiaperBank: 1 times
camlodge mentions:
  @rofocale: 1 times
  @OldSkhool: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @bullie666: 1 times
gemma_budden mentions:
  @DrUngglebutter: 1 times
  @officialpeta: 1 times
  @PETAEurope: 1 times
  @peta2: 1 times
  @thisisphotobomb: 1 times
  @crystalofwisdom: 1 times
beckycad mentions:
  @paulson500: 1 times
mysearchforgod mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
awryone mentions:
  @BadGopher: 1 times
c_vanderlinden mentions:
  @davastewart: 1 times
  @koigardenclub: 1 times
  @GUMsMinis: 1 times
  @susanlmorrison: 1 times
jaejaedynomite mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
  @jaejaedynomite: 1 times
  @swingtastic: 1 times
  @Jellyrolls: 1 times
  @Androcles: 1 times
  @GlobalMusicNet: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
chrisnixon mentions:
  @mcaulay: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
xensin mentions:
  @gyt: 1 times
  @potatohead: 1 times
dmoneybdr mentions:
  @dmoneyBDR: 1 times
  @marshallbdr: 1 times
  @showtimeBDR: 1 times
  @mmMilla: 1 times
  @BigzFlygerian: 1 times
  @CockyBalboa89: 1 times
  @saseurogang: 1 times
  @tornadomoney: 1 times
amymommaerts mentions:
  @jenlouden: 1 times
  @DebOwen: 1 times
  @debsoul: 1 times
  @curiousheidihi: 1 times
  @MarkHeartofBiz: 1 times
  @HiroBoga: 1 times
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @smlacy: 1 times
  @wildheartqueen: 1 times
mikeotr mentions:
  @cesanz: 1 times
  @sashagrey: 1 times
hiphopdesigns mentions:
  @patrickmeehan: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @CClinger: 1 times
  @BobClark: 1 times
  @TidwellSenate: 1 times
  @kusior: 1 times
  @autsmama98: 1 times
  @norm739: 1 times
  @efricke: 1 times
anitalynns mentions:
  @FabEventDesign: 1 times
drivendesire mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @ahvega: 1 times
  @dublinhotel: 1 times
  @NancyFarris: 1 times
  @SeesCandies: 1 times
mark_sheldon mentions:
  @meagansdesigns: 1 times
  @noxhanti: 1 times
  @Phatprovider: 1 times
  @samshillito: 1 times
  @SkyBirdTravel: 1 times
  @SuccessThinkers: 1 times
  @TJAbif: 1 times
sneakerking mentions:
myvegasscene mentions:
  @eddieb2: 1 times
nancyloo mentions:
  @DHPhotography: 1 times
  @nancyloo: 1 times
  @chrissowers: 1 times
  @davidnovarro: 1 times
  @janjeffcoat: 1 times
  @kristenmiller: 1 times
  @foxchicago: 1 times
theuncle1 mentions:
  @mrchrisaddison: 1 times
govfresh mentions:
  @SandiaLabs: 1 times
  @atmosnews: 1 times
  @hpcwire: 1 times
  @govfresh: 1 times
daisydenims mentions:
  @Createandinvent: 1 times
mofoz mentions:
  @davidweaver: 1 times
  @fifthgallery: 1 times
  @3rdid: 1 times
  @mizrik: 1 times
  @lcurrie: 1 times
  @hisson1083: 1 times
gmiddleb mentions:
  @laterritory: 1 times
  @apeville: 1 times
  @johnnydelfuego: 1 times
  @edrichardson: 1 times
  @cooldogcreative: 1 times
vicstar1983 mentions:
  @dancinglaura: 1 times
  @vicstar1983: 1 times
jinasi mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
  @AlexandriaF: 1 times
  @mycaribbeanpass: 1 times
  @aliciaredondo: 1 times
  @ashl1123: 1 times
  @jhammel: 1 times
  @Jhancik: 1 times
fotopunk mentions:
  @Rustzula: 1 times
  @basantam: 1 times
andaverde31905 mentions:
  @boysforpele32@TwilightTClub: 1 times
  @musicbliss@MrMarx: 1 times
  @girly613: 1 times
  @niksunshine: 1 times
  @BronteFan2: 1 times
bigbrightbulb mentions:
  @deewilcox: 1 times
  @PolaPremiumUSA: 1 times
gnarlycarly mentions:
  @LetItBeatles: 1 times
  @xtinalasvegas: 1 times
  @JulieFarin: 1 times
  @jimbulian: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @micsolis: 1 times
  @hermajesty05: 1 times
  @birdhousebooks: 1 times
lceckstrom mentions:
  @TwiMoonlight: 1 times
brettkeller mentions:
  @arielleholland: 1 times
  @unsuckdcmetro: 1 times
  @mycommutesucks: 1 times
icedadornments mentions:
  @beadinpath: 1 times
  @CosmicFolklore: 1 times
  @TaoGem: 1 times
  @AmongTheRuins: 1 times
  @rehnke: 1 times
  @jeannius: 1 times
  @Beadalicious: 1 times
  @manymanyscents: 1 times
  @aflyonthewall: 1 times
sarahannnoel mentions:
  @AuntieSweetLeaf: 1 times
  @VtgRoseClothing: 1 times
thiagopierson mentions:
  @Playboy: 1 times
  @shannonjames: 1 times
  @JulietteFrette: 1 times
  @kaylacollins: 1 times
  @jaydenicole: 1 times
  @hopedworaczyk: 1 times
  @AncillaTilia: 1 times
beenarboy mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @zbleumoon: 1 times
  @EarthShare: 1 times
  @GreenPeaceFan: 1 times
  @beenarboy: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Debbi: 1 times
allenfuller mentions:
  @stevenfoley: 1 times
medializzy mentions:
  @MaeganCarberry: 1 times
  @AmandaCarpenter: 1 times
  @MelissaTweets: 1 times
  @PinkElephantPun: 1 times
  @JulieJulie: 1 times
  @KatieFavazza: 1 times
zachinboston mentions:
  @erinconnolly: 1 times
  @AJGerritson: 1 times
  @tomlee451: 1 times
  @jbenanto451psu: 1 times
  @451heat: 1 times
ideafood mentions:
  @jetsetcitizen: 1 times
logoguppy mentions:
  @mekkanikal: 1 times
ursy919 mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @cindygolding: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @PaulSchwend: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
  @jimsuccess: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @Drwright1: 1 times
  @TracyRepchuk: 1 times
rock_my_soles mentions:
  @INTROMAGAZINE: 1 times
  @djquest95: 1 times
daisypops mentions:
  @scholesy111: 1 times
laughterandjoy mentions:
  @joycecherrier: 1 times
  @LaughterAndJoy: 1 times
cosmotot mentions:
  @BBAF: 1 times
  @VincentShoes: 1 times
  @honestbaby: 1 times
  @seekairun: 1 times
  @tottrendsweekly: 1 times
  @whyzz: 1 times
  @ChicagoToysTV: 1 times
  @parenting: 1 times
christyny631 mentions:
  @sarahinaz: 1 times
charlesbigfoot mentions:
digiphile mentions:
  @Greg2dot0: 1 times
  @theRab: 1 times
  @4FreeMusic: 1 times
  @danphilpott: 1 times
  @gialyons: 1 times
  @Emergent007: 1 times
  @paulathrasher: 1 times
  @BillIves: 1 times
  @SecBarbie: 1 times
kasey_n_landon mentions:
  @KrystalRenee24: 1 times
ken_mili mentions:
  @30secondstomars: 1 times
  @coolsex: 1 times
  @propaganda2: 1 times
  @dommin: 1 times
  @cracktheskye: 1 times
genemanuel mentions:
  @SherryIles: 1 times
  @GeneManuel: 1 times
  @DarcyDownes: 1 times
  @biblejournal: 1 times
  @Tquan: 1 times
  @CraigKausen: 1 times
  @aquariusmusic: 1 times
rosecullenz mentions:
  @TheCCoven: 1 times
  @TheDrCullen: 1 times
  @TheRenCullen: 1 times
  @TheECullen: 1 times
  @TheBCullen: 1 times
  @TheEmCullen: 1 times
  @TheRCullen: 1 times
  @TheJHale: 1 times
  @TheAliceHale: 1 times
  @TheJBlack: 1 times
elliemac07 mentions:
  @njschloss: 1 times
  @pheerliss: 1 times
pennyyota mentions:
  @abefromen: 1 times
  @midoriatphiten: 1 times
eyeamtheo mentions:
  @LAHwang: 1 times
  @peternowak: 1 times
  @eyeamTheo: 1 times
  @laHWanG: 1 times
  @Pilegg: 1 times
  @AmyMiranda: 1 times
dallasmuseumart mentions:
  @NasherSculpture: 1 times
  @KimbellArt: 1 times
  @CrowCollection: 1 times
  @thecarter: 1 times
  @thewomensmuseum: 1 times
  @themodernfw: 1 times
thebred mentions:
  @jimrubenstein: 2 times
  @mandiengram: 1 times
  @jcleblanc: 1 times
  @startlike: 1 times
  @BigPrize: 1 times
ownyourmoney mentions:
  @marismith: 1 times
  @alibrownla: 1 times
thehousewife mentions:
johnrackham mentions:
  @workingcfilms: 1 times
  @indiemoviemaker: 1 times
  @missionx: 1 times
glitzyorbit mentions:
  @livinlime: 2 times
  @calhardesty: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @sleeprun: 1 times
  @kidscrafts: 1 times
  @guildasxmboy: 1 times
  @glitzyorbit: 1 times
twittera mentions:
  @latinoTweeter: 1 times
vcolon mentions:
  @Musubi: 1 times
sandydaley mentions:
  @GrammarCops: 1 times
  @WritingSpirit: 1 times
  @carlyphillips: 1 times
  @TimOBrienNYT: 1 times
jshe mentions:
  @maynaseric: 1 times
  @jshe: 1 times
dufaim mentions:
  @guilhermebriggs: 1 times
naraku009 mentions:
  @nothingbtstring: 1 times
kdash471 mentions:
  @hgarcianeri: 1 times
creamctycrushrs mentions:
  @joelkatteBaseball: 1 times
  @BrewersNow: 1 times
  @tkonz: 1 times
  @dwade: 1 times
  @cyndie23: 1 times
  @creamctycrushrs: 1 times
  @Benschrank: 1 times
  @MilBrewers: 1 times
gabiraffanti mentions:
  @rafinhabastos: 1 times
  @baketa: 1 times
  @melhoramigogay: 1 times
  @desconexo: 1 times
  @febox: 1 times
  @Xis: 1 times
terra_solar mentions:
  @piiter: 1 times
londonsymphony mentions:
  @MarinSymphony: 1 times
nvenia mentions:
harisn mentions:
  @sanasaleem: 1 times
  @Jamash: 1 times
  @MystaKool: 1 times
  @ammaryasir: 1 times
  @jehanara: 1 times
  @rabiagarib: 1 times
  @sabeen: 1 times
  @TalhaIzhar: 1 times
antunesricardo mentions:
  @vascocampilho: 1 times
  @JoseMarioSilva: 1 times
  @AntonioFilipe: 1 times
  @Julymartins: 1 times
  @manelitocaracol: 1 times
  @hdsousa: 1 times
  @clbinvestidores: 1 times
  @NOVAESCOLA: 1 times
mschiefmaker mentions:
  @petxpert: 1 times
  @JoanneRighetti: 1 times
  @woofcp: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @petscribbles: 1 times
  @SophietheCocker: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @dogcocker: 1 times
  @GoodDogLouie: 1 times
gojohnab mentions:
worldblee mentions:
  @genericwit: 1 times
  @mikodragonfly: 1 times
ireland961 mentions:
  @NaomiChappell: 2 times
  @iamamro: 1 times
ccarvalho mentions:
  @shiverspt: 1 times
  @ManuelReis: 1 times
  @JSMaia2009: 1 times
  @xklamation: 1 times
wiltster mentions:
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
  @LibertarianMike: 1 times
aswas mentions:
  @MarshaCollier: 1 times
  @GovtAuctions: 1 times
  @galleriagifts: 1 times
  @aswas: 1 times
  @colderICE: 1 times
  @katskloset: 1 times
  @eclecticcollect: 1 times
  @seob: 1 times
changenetwork mentions:
  @gregzencoach: 1 times
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @justinRFrench: 1 times
  @changenetwork: 1 times
  @kellythomas1: 1 times
boboon mentions:
  @thetechnewsblog: 1 times
  @chrispirillo: 1 times
kcheeba mentions:
  @Whygeezy: 1 times
  @ThaGift: 1 times
  @KCheeba: 1 times
  @AVIUS: 1 times
  @KingFOE: 1 times
  @ForTaylor: 1 times
  @hollywood5280: 1 times
  @gabegambino: 1 times
  @AwareNess0: 1 times
  @asialakay: 1 times
marcelle_hi mentions:
  @RealJamie: 1 times
  @LeaWhiteFeather: 1 times
  @olinaqian: 1 times
  @JeanetteMcLeod: 1 times
  @TheGreenerGood: 1 times
  @DesignYourDorm: 1 times
  @earthhourUS: 1 times
  @kiat48: 1 times
  @directrelief: 1 times
99dollarmusic mentions:
  @soundslags: 1 times
guigosanchez mentions:
  @unpajarito: 1 times
  @narrativ: 1 times
cougarmicrobes mentions:
  @emdie: 1 times
  @InSoOutSo: 1 times
  @redrabbit: 1 times
  @cougarmicrobes: 1 times
  @Beaudine: 1 times
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
samydreamer mentions:
  @millerjmatos: 1 times
  @disamefe: 1 times
  @RicXand: 1 times
  @letyninja: 1 times
  @luizagama: 1 times
gms212 mentions:
  @EthanSuplee: 1 times
stateofmariland mentions:
  @flyguytray: 1 times
  @TroyAWhite: 1 times
eryth mentions:
  @adamhorovitz: 1 times
genghisgrill mentions:
  @fireslack: 1 times
baketa mentions:
  @cretincast: 1 times
  @labamba: 1 times
  @raylladuarte: 1 times
  @gabiraffanti: 1 times
  @richardbarros: 1 times
  @jovemnerd: 1 times
  @lalaayres: 1 times
travisvincent mentions:
  @Americantweets: 1 times
  @mcm180: 1 times
  @hotsports: 1 times
  @madgec: 1 times
  @Paisano: 1 times
  @angelajames: 1 times
  @sheemusic: 1 times
  @steveaverill: 1 times
  @kyoneirue: 1 times
  @goldenlioness: 1 times
balboapark mentions:
  @WhaleyHouse: 2 times
xtr3m3shrapn3l mentions:
  @DirtyDiva: 1 times
  @divabeenz: 1 times
  @Elle: 1 times
  @Esko: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
  @fourzerotwo: 1 times
  @foxandfriends: 1 times
  @FragDolls: 1 times
  @GamerChickLea: 1 times
  @gamingangel: 1 times
jordanbrown mentions:
  @brandonwinnie: 1 times
  @purpleraincloud: 1 times
ellzdagod mentions:
  @SaraJayXXX: 1 times
  @SinnamonLove: 1 times
  @kimoraklein: 1 times
  @TheRealKitten: 1 times
  @oliviaolovely1: 1 times
  @flowertucci: 1 times
  @AlexisGoldenXXX: 1 times
  @slu: 1 times
ath1e mentions:
  @brandisausedo: 1 times
  @dashift: 1 times
  @OMandy: 1 times
  @pinstripepower: 1 times
  @lesamay: 1 times
  @rayvencure: 1 times
  @stewpit: 1 times
monalockedin mentions:
  @bboygeijoe: 1 times
  @Dboi954: 1 times
  @Carlos2diaz: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @vraibelle: 1 times
  @orainreddick: 1 times
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @ImaniLust: 1 times
  @MonaLockedin: 1 times
mjxg mentions:
  @orderofout: 1 times
  @RedheadWriting: 1 times
  @KristiLynMiller: 1 times
ishara1138 mentions:
  @dancergirl18: 1 times
  @AbbyLipstick: 1 times
  @GeekTyrant: 1 times
  @TheBlowfish: 1 times
  @petercoffin: 1 times
  @davediver: 1 times
  @AmazingGrace13: 1 times
iolaxx mentions:
johnlaurjr mentions:
  @flynnfinity: 1 times
maumoraes mentions:
  @mandinhatorres: 1 times
  @MafaldaMonacast: 1 times
  @mvsmotta: 1 times
  @mundobiel: 1 times
  @kethly: 1 times
  @Biamoraes@rejectionjunkie: 1 times
  @claudyahelen: 1 times
brynnallen mentions:
  @pauler1976: 1 times
  @markshaw: 1 times
  @BlueFlameDesign: 1 times
  @pacificbiznews: 1 times
  @giedrius: 1 times
  @NathanielKinney: 1 times
  @circuitvapor: 1 times
pochivalov mentions:
  @russiansinuk: 1 times
  @vermillies: 1 times
  @bananasquash: 1 times
  @lookatme: 1 times
  @unclefedorekb: 1 times
  @IECMoscow: 1 times
  @andreikharlanov: 1 times
katie1989 mentions:
  @MERutherford: 1 times
imagibility mentions:
  @davidrsheehan: 1 times
  @MarComNetwork: 1 times
  @PRNewswire: 1 times
  @RachieRach3: 1 times
  @imagibility: 1 times
poetspoetro mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @PoetsPoetRo: 1 times
kingco915 mentions:
  @BodyguardBeats: 1 times
  @royaltrapqueen: 1 times
  @: 1 times
alansheppard mentions:
  @neurosceptic: 1 times
  @nibsuk: 1 times
  @Monkeylover35: 1 times
  @greeneyes1966: 1 times
  @lookski: 1 times
  @LindaHeathNH: 1 times
  @BigAssBadger: 1 times
  @heronfield: 1 times
happyherbivore mentions:
  @MissAnthropy15: 1 times
  @Januaryelle: 1 times
  @RickiHeller: 1 times
  @whereiseleanor: 1 times
  @herbstsonne: 1 times
  @urbanhousewife: 1 times
  @HealthyVoyager: 1 times
  @quarrygirl: 1 times
  @foodeater: 1 times
vinamist mentions:
  @Fibro360: 1 times
niclyn72879 mentions:
  @darrickhartman: 1 times
  @DeliverImHungry: 1 times
samuelreis mentions:
  @fabrici: 1 times
  @netomacedo: 1 times
  @samuelreis: 1 times
  @daniluxo: 1 times
  @nandogontijo: 1 times
living_autism mentions:
  @detlefc: 1 times
  @PaulHarriott: 1 times
mamahenfolkart mentions:
  @BellaDaze: 1 times
  @blendastudio: 1 times
  @chickenguru: 1 times
caguaman mentions:
chattyman mentions:
  @MartynWallace: 1 times
angelaathp mentions:
  @typeamom: 1 times
cmarraccini mentions:
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
sassytraveler mentions:
  @toddcreager: 1 times
pagancellar mentions:
riverside_park mentions:
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
ltwoc mentions:
  @dmonroy: 1 times
  @kathywriter: 1 times
  @bobhuff99: 1 times
  @timworley: 1 times
asknaughtynikki mentions:
  @sexysapphire: 1 times
  @PreciousLili: 1 times
  @Micki4556: 1 times
  @yummerbunny: 1 times
  @sybianmaker: 1 times
  @podophiliac: 1 times
  @socalsangels: 1 times
  @Nickman611: 1 times
  @HoseNHeels: 1 times
bboygeijoe mentions:
  @MonaLockedIn: 1 times
  @bboygeijoe: 1 times
  @Dboi954: 1 times
  @Carlos2diaz: 1 times
  @LeVarThomas: 1 times
  @vraibelle: 1 times
  @orainreddick: 1 times
  @getoninternet: 1 times
  @ImaniLus: 1 times
renewablechoice mentions:
  @usepagov: 1 times
  @usepaespanol: 1 times
  @grist: 1 times
  @worldchanging: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
fromvikingstock mentions:
  @sosaut: 1 times
  @Jimmyfallon: 1 times
  @PedanticKarl: 1 times
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @bek: 1 times
  @Lynnsweet: 1 times
  @improvchic: 1 times
  @KarlLagerfeld: 1 times
  @silencematters: 1 times
  @Mashable: 1 times
  @adexter: 1 times
hlentini mentions:
  @antimoraThanksU: 1 times
  @antimora: 1 times
gypsyjenkins mentions:
  @BlankMustDie: 1 times
  @bassclefmusic: 1 times
  @gypsyjenkins: 1 times
  @kms34786: 1 times
  @AbbyMathew: 1 times
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
treatsntweets mentions:
  @yummit: 1 times
  @whowantssoup: 1 times
chrysanthalbee mentions:
  @3feet2pass: 1 times
infoespagne mentions:
  @ExpatMadrid: 1 times
politicianstv mentions:
  @PWStyle: 1 times
  @phillyfunguide: 1 times
  @philorch: 1 times
  @laurenhard: 1 times
  @drawonthewalls: 1 times
  @thefranklin: 1 times
  @uwishunu: 1 times
  @tmoms: 1 times
  @phillygrrl: 1 times
youtubedeadpool mentions:
  @DeadpoolBugle: 1 times
  @AskDeadpool: 1 times
  @Blazefire33: 1 times
  @spillcrew: 1 times
hisforhome mentions:
  @tentlondon: 1 times
  @cardiffdesfest: 1 times
  @salvofair: 1 times
  @modernshows: 1 times
  @GrandDesigns09: 1 times
  @LDF: 1 times
  @DesignEvent09: 1 times
bodie28 mentions:
  @tikiroommorning: 1 times
hedleyzafer mentions:
  @JonathanGunson: 1 times
  @PushBoat: 1 times
  @HedleyZafer: 1 times
  @turquoisefish: 1 times
  @MrMilestone: 1 times
  @stefanpinto: 1 times
marianney mentions:
  @nicholaspatten: 1 times
mrfnriley mentions:
  @RobMadden: 1 times
  @TheFatBoys: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
cooly08 mentions:
  @Yodah: 1 times
twitspamorg mentions:
  @spam: 1 times
neilraden mentions:
  @johnlmyers44: 1 times
  @bitterer: 1 times
  @kimstanick: 1 times
  @donaldotfarmer: 1 times
  @curtmonash: 1 times
  @nenshad: 1 times
  @markcunningham: 1 times
  @aprildunford: 1 times
  @lancewalter: 1 times
brannu1 mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @Brannu1: 1 times
dubaimoneymaker mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @fortunelessfear: 1 times
  @alvtlfu: 1 times
  @dubaimoneymaker: 1 times
  @toestatetrends: 1 times
jackgoldstein mentions:
  @SaffronTaylor: 1 times
tasantos mentions:
  @maisdiferencas: 1 times
  @maragabrilli: 1 times
  @acessibilidade: 1 times
  @guardiapaulista: 1 times
  @cristalk: 1 times
  @lakl: 1 times
  @chanelsimon: 1 times
  @kaisaisabel: 1 times
  @inclua: 1 times
s_dog mentions:
  @betseyross: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @JCinQC: 1 times
  @TimAndrews: 1 times
  @midlifechick: 1 times
  @alexakim: 1 times
  @JuzzyD: 1 times
  @EdDriscoll: 1 times
  @mezfank: 1 times
  @Pascarl: 1 times
sweetsfoods mentions:
  @WineWonkette: 1 times
  @joelvincent: 1 times
  @SommelierSara: 1 times
  @grillgod: 1 times
  @amanda5280: 1 times
  @decant3r: 1 times
  @cheapgourmet: 1 times
  @pinkpeppercorn: 1 times
  @huggingthecoast: 1 times
jennibielicki mentions:
  @WritingSpirit: 1 times
  @JaneFriedman: 1 times
tweetbetic mentions:
  @joyofdiabetes: 1 times
  @@kellysblogs: 1 times
  @bobbernier: 1 times
  @iamspartacus: 1 times
  @jdrfadvocacy: 1 times
  @juvenation: 1 times
  @tweetbetic: 1 times
  @tudiabetes: 1 times
  @LIVEOUTLOUDWD: 1 times
djadg mentions:
  @MILFaliciousOne: 1 times
  @Kimbahh: 1 times
  @SouthernStud: 1 times
  @Cocotaso: 1 times
  @lavendalenny: 1 times
  @DJADG: 1 times
  @JaywoodDC: 1 times
  @Ayinde: 1 times
  @Funkghost: 1 times
latoyaharvey mentions:
  @LatoyaHarvey: 1 times
aleias mentions:
  @SoDelicious: 1 times
  @GuaranteedGF: 1 times
  @GFGrandmaBNC: 1 times
  @SamAbernathy: 1 times
  @SueInge: 1 times
  @CeliacHandbook: 1 times
  @glutenfreebakes: 1 times
kyotosong mentions:
  @filippocioni: 1 times
  @scrabysys: 1 times
flowtv mentions:
  @texassooner: 1 times
  @annehelen: 1 times
  @alexcho47: 1 times
  @rcolintait: 1 times
  @mabel: 1 times
ifnfilm mentions:
  @FlyawayFilmFest: 1 times
  @SoCalMovieFans: 1 times
  @FICMonterrey: 1 times
  @PSFilmSociety: 1 times
  @RVKfilmfest: 1 times
  @cinegoldeneagle: 1 times
  @ShortIsBetter: 1 times
  @MIFFEST: 1 times
deaulivery mentions:
  @CharissaCowart: 1 times
  @feliciaday: 1 times
  @franki: 1 times
  @autumnreeser: 1 times
  @NOTJUNE: 1 times
panamanianpapi mentions:
  @lizettegagne: 1 times
  @aerovisionit: 1 times
  @PanamanianPapi: 1 times
  @shartlesville: 1 times
  @HandsomeRich: 1 times
  @miswaiting: 1 times
  @sforsyth01: 1 times
jayardine mentions:
  @deathstar: 1 times
drummergrl mentions:
  @goffik: 1 times
  @pearsonline: 1 times
  @Chubbx: 1 times
  @OhDaniB: 1 times
  @lazmad: 1 times
  @CelticCamera: 1 times
miamipicks mentions:
  @porquejorge: 1 times
  @corticcopeland: 1 times
  @Cat237: 1 times
foehawk mentions:
inpembrokeshire mentions:
  @Katie1989: 1 times
  @Angelfish42: 1 times
  @PaulSambrook: 1 times
  @CQCoasteering: 1 times
  @Bizarre57: 1 times
  @MartynWheller: 1 times
  @gregcannon: 1 times
meteoracle mentions:
  @anthonywoods: 1 times
show_dont_tell mentions:
  @salicious: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
definetigers mentions:
  @larinvon: 1 times
hvaudaux mentions:
  @justepourdire: 1 times
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
  @Jeanne: 1 times
  @slydnet: 1 times
  @NatCordeaux: 1 times
  @marcdelerue: 1 times
ballerinatoes mentions:
azfamily mentions:
  @mikewatkiss3tv: 1 times
  @azfamily: 1 times
davidhodgson mentions:
  @amoyal: 1 times
  @aconibber: 1 times
  @amnesty: 1 times
  @Foglio: 1 times
  @byrnegreen: 1 times
  @jbridgman: 1 times
  @iyeshe: 1 times
  @betseymerkel: 1 times
  @hnauheimer: 1 times
sassieondupris mentions:
  @WhitneyHJ: 1 times
  @esmitty22: 1 times
  @AnwaaKong: 1 times
  @Cartis: 1 times
  @CelestialQ: 1 times
  @Dove927: 1 times
  @DEUCE83: 1 times
  @AudraTheRapper: 1 times
  @SKTEAM: 1 times
  @1BlackStar: 1 times
richardwiles mentions:
  @YourMrBumbles: 1 times
sdpunk52 mentions:
  @dbomb252: 1 times
  @brendamejia: 1 times
  @vans66: 1 times
  @meaghancupcakes: 1 times
  @morgansvsSTDs: 1 times
  @cesyaslaughter: 1 times
  @kaos527: 1 times
  @jessiclesftw: 1 times
  @ballsparker: 1 times
wilsonellis mentions:
onearmboxer157 mentions:
  @FlyGirlAviation: 1 times
  @nicoleraneri: 1 times
  @happefuntime: 1 times
  @PlacesrFun: 1 times
  @NickBayside: 1 times
  @AnthonyRaneri: 1 times
  @hodg3: 1 times
robin_inthebogs mentions:
  @redRavine: 1 times
theodi mentions:
  @KayCeeHST: 1 times
  @jmschmidt: 1 times
  @nyakototo: 1 times
  @PedanticBohemia: 1 times
  @jamesleonsk: 1 times
  @Tomwilson24: 1 times
  @duckyislost: 1 times
  @CamilleMoriarty: 1 times
ahennekens mentions:
iheartally mentions:
haroldkip mentions:
  @SteveIsaccs: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
karismahotels mentions:
  @cruisebuzz: 1 times
  @shenandoah12001: 1 times
  @PrincessCruises: 1 times
  @Karismahotels: 1 times
  @wendyperrin: 1 times
  @LocoGringoCom: 1 times
  @PeterSGreenberg: 1 times
  @CruiseBuzz: 1 times
ad2national mentions:
  @thecarl: 1 times
  @katewhatley: 1 times
  @gdbgdesign: 1 times
  @socialforces: 1 times
drhli mentions:
  @becomeveg: 1 times
sara413 mentions:
  @therealjordin: 1 times
  @stephjonesmusic: 1 times
  @johncmayer: 1 times
  @iamjessiejames: 1 times
  @meganandliz: 1 times
  @jtimberlake: 1 times
jenniferrdh mentions:
  @JenniferRDH: 1 times
  @HelloNorthGA: 1 times
comicalantisoc mentions:
  @graccee: 1 times
  @noahjordan: 1 times
  @PhiloMalone: 1 times
  @bgrrl: 1 times
  @MagicalEmi: 1 times
  @MacPhailDavid: 1 times
  @holliestevens: 1 times
  @juliemae: 1 times
  @agiam: 1 times
thrillingadv mentions:
  @splinterfilm: 1 times
ctraider mentions:
  @StaceyBaby: 1 times
cookingcapsules mentions:
  @figgirl: 1 times
green_architect mentions:
  @DribbleWorld: 1 times
  @SRowl: 1 times
  @greenarchitect: 1 times
  @SommelierSara: 1 times
  @wendydivalove: 1 times
  @fourchickens: 1 times
  @StaciJShelton: 1 times
awakeningaimee mentions:
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
  @ChrisVoss: 1 times
  @garrymullen: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @P3Beauty: 1 times
jillianwv mentions:
  @OwaisIqbal: 1 times
  @jillianwv: 1 times
petalice mentions:
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
defineluxurious mentions:
  @MsOhSoWright: 1 times
  @TheRealSpreezy: 1 times
  @NeeFFresh: 1 times
  @DefineLuxurious: 1 times
  @BritTopModel: 1 times
  @YiyannaLive: 1 times
futureweather mentions:
  @migold: 1 times
  @rthastar: 1 times
  @nonpretentious: 1 times
  @fakeplasticfish: 1 times
  @ecosandy: 1 times
  @theauteurs: 1 times
  @cinephile: 1 times
  @focusorganic: 1 times
  @twistinglemon: 1 times
reclaimer mentions:
  @mmalkoff: 1 times
mattdaviss mentions:
  @SprintTri: 1 times
  @kennyhammontree: 1 times
  @thomatically: 1 times
  @FOLLOWTHESTEPS: 1 times
  @Derrall: 1 times
  @ChattanoogaFC: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @josiahq: 1 times
  @sarahduck: 1 times
  @stevaker: 1 times
thewych mentions:
  @MrGrimme: 1 times
  @Ashayo: 1 times
  @constantgmr: 1 times
  @Stompalina: 1 times
  @Aprillian: 1 times
tmpollard mentions:
  @inhisname: 1 times
  @davecharbonneau: 1 times
  @slciktalkj: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
  @renaudandco: 1 times
  @reimagin: 1 times
  @mexiabill: 1 times
  @andreajoycohen: 1 times
michelle_moore mentions:
  @ygross: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @DLoesch: 1 times
  @GlennSC: 1 times
  @onedadslife: 1 times
  @ScottRoberts: 1 times
  @execbp: 1 times
  @SBOSSTL: 1 times
b33133rice mentions:
  @MuseumModernArt: 1 times
  @agallerylondon: 1 times
  @CDNGardening: 1 times
  @nsgardeningsite: 1 times
  @GraceGardening: 1 times
  @TheCookingNinja: 1 times
twczach mentions:
  @hurricaneautumn: 1 times
  @mikem2011: 1 times
  @firealarm211: 1 times
  @jeremyledford: 1 times
  @michaelenfield: 1 times
  @tornadostooge: 1 times
  @jimcantore: 1 times
  @heathertesch: 1 times
  @parkertwc: 1 times
comedybint mentions:
  @davidgilray: 1 times
taniatoclassy mentions:
  @hoxyfoxy: 1 times
  @SkyAquila: 1 times
  @DimiliciousR: 1 times
  @TilaOfficial: 1 times
  @Yogafestival: 1 times
  @TaniaTOclassy: 1 times
  @davidesar9: 1 times
premoguru mentions:
  @AnthonyFilice: 1 times
etiquette101 mentions:
  @DanGordon: 1 times
  @Kelleydmcguire: 1 times
fredkuhr mentions:
  @kimlw: 1 times
benoa mentions:
  @pressecitron: 1 times
  @lyonalacarte: 1 times
  @croixrousse: 1 times
  @olfoot: 1 times
  @onlylyon: 1 times
  @lyonenfrance: 1 times
shayboogie101 mentions:
  @shadesofadiva: 1 times
  @MelanieSumpter: 1 times
  @29Starp: 1 times
  @ShayBoogie101: 1 times
  @SideHustleCoach: 1 times
  @MzSh: 1 times
iadiedee mentions:
  @ASEVIDEO: 1 times
  @TheTAZZone: 1 times
angel_ine mentions:
  @housecollective: 1 times
  @2TuffDC: 1 times
  @Seei: 1 times
calvarezhis mentions:
  @BradleyWillBig: 1 times
  @butchzemar: 1 times
blairsden mentions:
  @cheznous: 1 times
  @Katjaib: 1 times
dinag mentions:
  @GBlancLaine: 1 times
  @lindavzisme: 1 times
  @DaveG253: 1 times
  @franciscojsaez: 1 times
  @svmomsgroup: 1 times
  @paulathrasher: 1 times
  @threew: 1 times
lmangueart mentions:
  @geekgirldiva: 1 times
sebastianrm mentions:
  @tebanquito: 1 times
countgstephens mentions:
  @luckymeow: 1 times
  @withoutayard: 1 times
  @TraceyErinSmith: 1 times
  @VaderVonDoom: 1 times
  @xflansx: 1 times
ashleelovelee mentions:
  @haroldandjane: 1 times
lecoeurdingres mentions:
  @jonatasfroes: 1 times
pinkfroggg mentions:
  @BuzztimeGirl: 1 times
  @ExpressLisaG: 1 times
  @MuppetNewsflash: 1 times
  @peoplemag: 1 times
  @theawfultruth: 1 times
  @answerbitch: 1 times
  @tvblog: 1 times
  @CajunFun: 1 times
birdieblog mentions:
  @cmcrocker: 1 times
  @TitleistCares: 1 times
dogquality mentions:
  @PetMD: 2 times
jasonbarnett mentions:
  @tomscheck: 1 times
  @mprpolitics: 1 times
bellmcullen mentions:
  @BellMCullen: 1 times
  @EACullen: 1 times
  @DoctorCullen: 1 times
  @AliceC: 1 times
  @Esme: 1 times
  @EmmettBear: 1 times
  @JasperBites: 1 times
  @HeidiVoltiare: 1 times
titaniablue mentions:
  @therealbuzz: 1 times
illclairvoyant mentions:
  @sw1storm: 1 times
  @amoonfairy: 1 times
  @atarikari: 1 times
  @syn: 1 times
aluniquen mentions:
georgiee_porgie mentions:
  @xoBetseyJohnson: 1 times
  @Therealbrookewhite: 1 times
  @knowjr: 1 times
  @stardishradio@kubie1969@Krisallen4real: 1 times
  @mandystevens: 1 times
  @dannygokey: 1 times
trinitydelacruz mentions:
  @MariSmith: 1 times
  @ShiftList: 1 times
schroppi mentions:
  @diesemWagen: 1 times
  @manniac: 1 times
bodysynergy mentions:
  @jimsmithcscs: 1 times
  @jeddjohnson: 1 times
  @themightykat: 1 times
  @bod: 1 times
josiahplatt mentions:
  @tylermerrick: 1 times
la_story mentions:
  @AmyLAPretty: 1 times
  @takesunset: 1 times
hardrocksd mentions:
  @bobbydigital04: 1 times
  @sddialedin: 1 times
krissakabusi mentions:
  @MarionChapsalfunny: 1 times
kphetic mentions:
  @Ariesbaby82: 1 times
  @simplypimpin: 1 times
  @NewMusicDJs: 1 times
  @WeLoveHipHop: 1 times
  @gpropane: 2 times
  @HollyHood: 1 times
  @ELUSIONCLOTHING: 1 times
marifomin mentions:
  @forasarney: 1 times
  @morrasarney: 1 times
  @ficasarney: 1 times
  @mearrumaumempregosarney: 1 times
  @quemésarney: 1 times
tomwhitt mentions:
  @TrevorDickerson: 1 times
  @RVaMike: 1 times
  @wswhitt: 1 times
  @StevenAsher: 1 times
nastynaj5 mentions:
jkwleadership mentions:
  @mikehenrysr: 1 times
r4mcst3r mentions:
  @Playboy: 1 times
  @playboytv: 1 times
  @grlwtchr: 1 times
  @Breakcom: 1 times
  @howardtv: 1 times
  @mrskin: 1 times
  @phunorg: 1 times
  @Asylumdotcom: 1 times
  @espn: 1 times
  @HEAVYsan: 1 times
  @d: 1 times
asm4p mentions:
  @ilovemytroops: 1 times
  @heralynne: 1 times
  @curlywelch: 1 times
  @IAVA: 1 times
  @MilitaryChild: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
hisfitness mentions:
  @BryanBlaise: 1 times
  @jcosta4242: 1 times
  @ericgrant: 1 times
  @paulludwig: 1 times
commonname mentions:
  @sephskypoo: 1 times
  @Fenmere: 1 times
  @gingercurls: 1 times
  @dongsparty: 1 times
  @commonname: 1 times
  @kingwolfe: 1 times
  @robertdahlstrom: 1 times
  @credocross: 1 times
richardzeeman mentions:
  @jenleeco: 1 times
  @MVKim: 1 times
mikefennelly mentions:
  @swizzlebeef: 1 times
mikewadhera mentions:
  @UncleVicDeals: 1 times
  @boygeniusreport: 1 times
  @TheUnderwire: 1 times
joiebutter mentions:
  @lifewithbabs: 1 times
  @saraharlen: 1 times
  @stephschneider: 1 times
  @Supercalilistic: 1 times
tombstonebadbob mentions:
  @sharonhayes: 1 times
  @designmeme: 1 times
  @andysowards: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @styletime: 1 times
  @iamkhayyam: 1 times
  @unmarketing: 1 times
dcb23 mentions:
  @medicray: 1 times
  @plumbusby: 1 times
  @AriaaJaeger: 1 times
  @Phabi: 1 times
  @scodal: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @pepecorrs: 1 times
  @RussBass: 1 times
  @thelate1: 1 times
asklyndi mentions:
  @successsecret: 1 times
  @fleurdeleigh: 1 times
  @alibrownla: 1 times
  @sarahurd: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @askLyndi: 1 times
alina0 mentions:
  @brit8559: 2 times
descuentos_peru mentions:
  @maxrenato: 1 times
  @Alexsanderpe: 1 times
  @mijarosoft: 1 times
  @jotabruce: 1 times
  @jessicabravo: 1 times
danlhays mentions:
  @Abeeliever: 1 times
  @KMWeiland: 1 times
  @authorbutterfly: 1 times
  @DebbieJJohnson: 1 times
  @garymurning: 1 times
  @bobwcaincom: 1 times
  @RNRWiggs68: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @DanaGillbro: 1 times
mikewrogers mentions:
  @meredithzobel: 1 times
  @joeyellis: 1 times
  @heymatthew: 1 times
  @frank000: 1 times
  @jeremyraytweets: 1 times
  @careuhline: 1 times
  @phoenixfire8383: 1 times
  @andylovell: 1 times
ahascience mentions:
  @ocheartwalk: 1 times
  @weheartworld: 1 times
  @foundersheart: 1 times
brwney mentions:
  @karatography: 1 times
  @LeslieRoark: 1 times
  @BruceBarone: 1 times
philipwheeler mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
starstweets mentions:
  @aplusk: 1 times
  @TashInAwe: 1 times
mickeyobrien mentions:
  @jenniferbourn: 2 times
  @geniussquared: 1 times
  @mickeyobrien: 1 times
  @ericlofholm: 1 times
  @successfool: 1 times
janelledoes mentions:
  @thinktunk: 1 times
  @jennaveronika: 1 times
  @studiotolentino: 1 times
  @TMueller: 1 times
  @thriftwares: 1 times
  @18andcounting: 1 times
  @NickyDigital: 1 times
  @chasejarvis: 1 times
  @nickonken: 1 times
aaron_lindstrom mentions:
  @patweber: 1 times
  @AaronLindstrom: 1 times
okcamanda mentions:
  @lofolulu: 1 times
  @crazyhohnkerecz: 1 times
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @trichology: 1 times
  @Matt369: 1 times
  @BennyJacobs: 1 times
bleebot mentions:
  @fbrahimi: 1 times
  @tOiN0U: 1 times
  @Netsky: 1 times
  @Fred1337: 1 times
  @alexdesousa: 1 times
  @bazet: 1 times
  @PierrePaperon: 1 times
  @FoireauxLiens: 1 times
  @Tombek: 1 times
  @ManuSupra: 1 times
  @Swoopfx: 1 times
interfaithforum mentions:
  @DrJennifer: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
maligaya830 mentions:
  @BeyondBeliefNow: 1 times
  @maligaya830: 1 times
  @rappublicist: 1 times
  @djbooth: 1 times
  @PeruvianConnect: 1 times
  @davebarz@MixtapeAssassin: 1 times
  @Marzburg: 1 times
  @Ksparkstv: 1 times
rocketrobin2 mentions:
  @mmlinke1Exceptional: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @Adesoji: 1 times
  @JerryBroughton: 1 times
  @peterdrew: 1 times
  @rocketrobin2: 1 times
  @twittfuel: 1 times
retheauditors mentions:
  @nminow: 1 times
  @lynneturne: 1 times
  @fayfeeney: 1 times
  @jefftrexler: 1 times
  @retheauditors: 1 times
  @sharehowners@complianceweek: 1 times
bleisner mentions:
  @crazyMNmichele: 1 times
renovationjunky mentions:
  @SashaKane: 1 times
  @IconicImagery: 1 times
  @KimSherrell: 1 times
  @InternetArtist: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
robinzebley mentions:
  @loveyellowdog: 1 times
just_yappin mentions:
  @justyappin: 1 times
prankster163 mentions:
  @DoctorExclusive: 2 times
  @KillerGuitar: 1 times
  @MartyWilliamson: 1 times
  @prankster163: 1 times
  @indieradiochatt: 1 times
  @SdPriceless: 1 times
charlie_brook mentions:
  @OliviaWilder: 1 times
  @charliebrook: 1 times
arielblakeman mentions:
  @sephorablog: 1 times
goldenroo mentions:
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @tracitoguchi: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @preciouskittys: 1 times
bullseyevideo mentions:
  @wellbalancedpup: 1 times
  @tracitoguchi: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @preciouskittys: 1 times
dead_beats mentions:
  @WantedDeadbeats: 1 times
sujatachadha mentions:
  @karenkang: 1 times
jess0302 mentions:
  @ICmovies: 1 times
  @osceolaconews: 1 times
raquelfavela mentions:
  @ScottChantos: 1 times
  @Dhrumil: 1 times
danieljuk mentions:
  @drblack: 1 times
  @icecrystal: 1 times
  @booshtukka: 1 times
  @tafty: 1 times
  @Disfunctional: 1 times
  @mrdiscopop: 1 times
  @stevenblue: 1 times
  @stevenFTW: 1 times
ericoliphant mentions:
  @TravisNoles: 1 times
  @petercoffin: 1 times
  @iamtherealwill: 1 times
  @aaronrgillespie: 1 times
  @tonythaxton: 1 times
  @circasurvive: 1 times
  @mattgreiner: 1 times
  @LostAirman: 1 times
suzzzanna mentions:
  @grrreen: 1 times
2tammytodd mentions:
  @aristocat123: 1 times
  @2tammytodd: 1 times
  @noetu: 1 times
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @vcolon: 1 times
  @dcb23: 1 times
emdubyacee mentions:
  @mandaraejones: 1 times
stacyannj mentions:
  @guyngirltravels: 1 times
  @moltz: 1 times
  @bangs23: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @robcorddry: 1 times
  @bbwerner: 1 times
  @aharcharek: 1 times
amytravels mentions:
  @GuyNGirlTravels: 1 times
bcrescueuk mentions:
  @PetCareBev: 1 times
  @critterreiki: 1 times
  @caring4dogs: 1 times
  @hen4: 1 times
  @kerrygreyhounds: 1 times
  @Balbvs: 1 times
  @TogetherUK: 1 times
  @BabsnRay: 1 times
  @HRdogtraining: 1 times
  @daisylittlestar: 1 times
andrewcheller mentions:
  @DeJuan45: 1 times
bluntcard mentions:
  @spookyberette: 1 times
  @doberama: 1 times
  @Okiegrl71: 1 times
  @gotarealjob: 1 times
  @ScarletM: 1 times
  @Delicious50: 1 times
thunt27 mentions:
  @LostZombies: 1 times
  @Gorify: 1 times
  @UndeadCircus: 1 times
  @WildClawTheatre: 1 times
  @seresvictoria: 1 times
  @CharlieAthanas: 1 times
  @1twistedmind: 1 times
  @bonniegrrl: 1 times
megancole mentions:
  @Yaffler: 1 times
  @brasslecole: 1 times
  @Campagnolomain: 1 times
  @CiboTrattoria: 1 times
  @SaltTastingRoom: 1 times
  @CruRestaurant: 1 times
weblizard mentions:
  @BrentSpiner: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
  @levarburton: 1 times
  @brentspinner: 1 times
jesuscarlos mentions:
crisjobcoach mentions:
  @jobserf: 1 times
  @liberalchik: 1 times
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
  @Iwillfollowback: 1 times
  @katjaib: 1 times
  @Naniprints: 1 times
markolivas mentions:
  @imtribute: 1 times
mariahannette mentions:
  @lovinglifelady: 1 times
  @whenbabysleeps: 1 times
  @BoyInCorner: 1 times
  @Momto3blessings: 1 times
  @kaitididwhat: 1 times
coffeetablepoet mentions:
  @jessicalearning: 1 times
  @scottbryant: 1 times
  @greyeyesgabriel: 1 times
  @PaulCraigUK: 1 times
  @LifeScript: 1 times
  @litepack: 1 times
  @elatedca: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @Java4Two: 1 times
committedtofew mentions:
  @6131records: 1 times
  @committedtofew: 1 times
  @Convergecult: 1 times
  @xeffortx: 1 times
  @darkesthourrock: 1 times
  @DodgersMLB: 1 times
  @deathwishinc: 1 times
  @hate5six: 1 times
  @MilesAwayhc: 1 times
joanarmdias mentions:
  @JoaoTMDias: 1 times
parothd32 mentions:
  @outspokenmedia: 1 times
  @sbwalsh: 1 times
simantov mentions:
  @GoldChoiceUK: 1 times
  @SMM73: 1 times
petercutforth mentions:
  @goforyourdream: 1 times
  @jbenjamin82: 1 times
  @brianwilliams: 1 times
  @KyleBuzzard: 1 times
  @jbenjamin: 1 times
  @petercutforth: 1 times
  @MarciLall: 1 times
marcosnobre mentions:
  @cembranel: 1 times
  @opiniaoenoticia: 1 times
  @ceciliamuk: 1 times
  @celinacalvim: 1 times
  @fabiolaleoni: 1 times
  @marcosnobre: 1 times
  @bbcworld: 1 times
  @DujourMag: 1 times
rogeriavianna mentions:
  @Journeywoman: 1 times
  @riqfreire: 1 times
aarkid_chris mentions:
  @aarkidchris: 1 times
  @roisinmck: 1 times
karalou mentions:
  @JennaSnacks: 1 times
christinelu mentions:
  @countersuicide: 1 times
joe2me mentions:
  @db: 1 times
  @tinybuddha: 1 times
  @krismorris: 1 times
invincibledet mentions:
  @Adriennemaree: 1 times
  @zentronix: 1 times
  @faraichideya: 1 times
  @mrdaveyd: 1 times
  @invincibleDET: 1 times
djsho mentions:
  @donkwon: 1 times
  @freekflow808: 1 times
  @goodvybe: 1 times
  @kerridanrocks: 1 times
  @mzennxo: 1 times
  @restlesskids: 1 times
  @pnesss: 1 times
  @heatherreette: 1 times
  @miniak47: 1 times
  @minitempura: 1 times
goreki mentions:
  @shbadr: 1 times
  @pumkinheeed: 1 times
  @GreatDismal: 1 times
  @ameobatube: 1 times
tcordeiro mentions:
  @sorryperiferia: 1 times
  @gersondoamaral: 1 times
  @lediocarmona: 1 times
  @voandobaixo: 1 times
  @uarevaa: 1 times
amberharmon mentions:
  @airthom: 1 times
  @reflynn: 1 times
  @mtbikemj: 1 times
  @crookedshack: 1 times
  @hoffman17: 1 times
duhcorinthianaa mentions:
  @mariacarol: 1 times
  @Soninhaa: 1 times
  @brasil: 1 times
  @subversiva: 1 times
  @KayGentile: 1 times
  @corinthiana: 1 times
  @diretordeletras: 1 times
  @duniadm9: 1 times
  @brunowithlasers: 1 times
mvfipher mentions:
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
mitchii81 mentions:
  @bravecreativityFollowFriday: 1 times
  @SocialDivo: 1 times
  @Downtownocdawg: 1 times
  @Kelii808: 1 times
  @Mitchii81: 1 times
  @Vudette: 1 times
  @Supernola1: 1 times
roughontheedges mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
  @Strawberry15: 1 times
bouqu3ts mentions:
  @BJDY3R: 1 times
  @Bouqu3ts: 1 times
  @AvanteGardens: 1 times
  @GetItWrite: 1 times
  @FloristsReview: 1 times
bbhc mentions:
  @vintagevinylnws: 1 times
  @musicTAP: 1 times
  @Pauseandplay: 1 times
  @wolfgangsvault: 1 times
  @ChrisWillman: 1 times
  @realbrookewhite: 1 times
  @BBHC: 1 times
  @nodepression: 1 times
thefatgeek mentions:
  @DCrunnergrrl: 1 times
  @ewantoo: 1 times
  @DarrellHudson: 1 times
  @OnlineDietClub: 1 times
  @macworld: 1 times
  @PatBarone: 1 times
  @terrillwelch: 1 times
  @SebastienPage: 1 times
  @LeyaLeon: 1 times
  @fattony69: 1 times
digsygalley mentions:
  @alcahuete: 1 times
losnsa mentions:
  @stevethegoose: 1 times
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @modeling22: 1 times
  @AMG22: 1 times
  @skipinc: 1 times
  @nixondork: 1 times
thedjf mentions:
  @SeriouslyChris: 1 times
  @broast: 1 times
  @kevinddaly: 1 times
  @WillieDeee: 1 times
  @jonathanbender: 1 times
  @anagorski: 1 times
  @GregJarema: 1 times
  @dantechristian: 1 times
  @athingoftoday: 1 times
thefriendraiser mentions:
  @0Frank: 1 times
  @lovebabz: 1 times
  @myragolden: 1 times
  @java4two: 1 times
  @pinkangel0704: 1 times
  @thefriendraiser: 1 times
  @avispope: 1 times
  @vincenthunt: 1 times
  @YahyaHenry: 1 times
  @lteisha: 1 times
sweet__t mentions:
  @alotofnothing: 1 times
  @SweetT: 1 times
reviewninja mentions:
gialyons mentions:
janetcap mentions:
  @AmandaMarketer: 1 times
  @mattgenovese: 1 times
  @ScottieWithers: 1 times
blooey mentions:
  @franmx: 1 times
  @karyva: 1 times
  @laquesefue: 1 times
  @cynsol: 1 times
  @pamquibec: 1 times
adamwn mentions:
  @fairbanks: 2 times
  @frillneck: 1 times
  @davenavarro6767: 1 times
bffoodie mentions:
  @nandita: 1 times
roblear mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
dmiller23 mentions:
  @Misha1234: 1 times
ghanamixtapes mentions:
  @JoyceSchneider1: 1 times
  @gylphi: 1 times
  @Nahrain: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @gerryos: 1 times
  @allfivehorizons: 1 times
  @thirdphactory: 1 times
  @TheHistoryWoman: 1 times
  @Henrietta: 1 times
girlwithtools mentions:
  @prcog: 1 times
  @aerocles: 1 times
  @prdude: 1 times
callummca mentions:
  @Callummca: 1 times
  @LisaMcAllister: 1 times
cookieaisle mentions:
  @victoriousvoice: 1 times
debssweet mentions:
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
therealhott mentions:
  @xtine: 1 times
  @streetbear: 1 times
  @Jaaaaae: 1 times
  @trinatr0n: 1 times
  @THEREALHOTT: 1 times
  @calinative: 1 times
  @rnaryjane: 1 times
  @munkymunch: 1 times
  @AsianPersuazion: 1 times
makenna_nomad mentions:
  @Charlottenomad: 1 times
  @Peternomad: 1 times
  @MakennaNomad: 1 times
reaysolutions mentions:
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
sandrakum mentions:
  @keithpape: 1 times
  @remarx: 1 times
  @Lorim2100: 1 times
mariagudelis mentions:
  @JimQuillen: 1 times
  @budor: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @americanwomann: 1 times
  @mattuvizz: 1 times
  @aristocat123: 1 times
  @nosetu: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @eitherorfilms: 1 times
haleyfletcher mentions:
  @reliableconcept: 1 times
atighehchi mentions:
  @eshovelz: 1 times
  @silviabauer: 1 times
  @iranbaan: 1 times
crazy_felix mentions:
  @ThatStripeyCat: 1 times
  @ChesterPDexter: 1 times
  @MissPennyCat: 1 times
  @TerrorKittyDuff: 1 times
  @ladycat3: 1 times
  @Samthepoodle: 1 times
  @BigCatRescue: 1 times
  @SkyTheCat: 1 times
diretordeletras mentions:
  @duhcorinthianaa: 1 times
devosperfhall mentions:
  @VanAndelArena: 1 times
  @GroupEvents: 1 times
jkrollie mentions:
  @dividepictures: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @russcundiff: 1 times
  @trentvanegas: 1 times
henrikemacedo mentions:
  @JoanaRMDias: 1 times
carenlibby mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @rww: 1 times
  @katiefreiling: 1 times
  @viralogy: 1 times
  @danschawbel: 1 times
  @techcrunch: 1 times
  @twittip: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
barnstormers mentions:
  @quincyanne: 1 times
agirlscamaroz28 mentions:
  @kewlrats: 1 times
  @MikeMcGarrigle: 1 times
  @agirlscamaroz28: 1 times
  @RichardElliott: 1 times
  @mcmaster: 1 times
  @cbaccus: 1 times
flipbh mentions:
  @Val769: 1 times
  @gracegraduate: 1 times
  @sun3shine: 1 times
  @Towanna70: 1 times
  @NUIMAGE: 1 times
  @HectorJesus: 1 times
  @flipbh: 1 times
missionily mentions:
  @MissionILY: 1 times
doppler_ mentions:
  @JorgeMudry: 1 times
flyingpj mentions:
  @RaymondSimons: 1 times
bsouthern mentions:
  @SimplyGoingGrn: 1 times
  @SpyderD: 1 times
  @ethelmgibbs: 1 times
  @SavageMike: 1 times
bitalicious mentions:
  @gezeta: 1 times
frankspencer mentions:
  @jimmath: 1 times
  @jbmahaffie: 1 times
  @Urbanverse: 1 times
  @jenjarratt: 1 times
  @michelebowman: 1 times
  @cecilysommers: 1 times
  @changeist: 1 times
  @iftf: 1 times
  @frankspencer: 1 times
tasteofgee mentions:
  @AshyLBowz: 2 times
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
thebestsophist mentions:
  @SEANews: 1 times
soxfancollins mentions:
  @beautifulride: 1 times
  @allentattoo: 1 times
  @tbgrace: 1 times
drpeachbaby mentions:
  @medgirl2001: 1 times
zerojane mentions:
  @oreoking: 1 times
  @lillianwong: 1 times
  @ZeroJane: 1 times
  @starjayl: 1 times
  @DrShareD: 1 times
  @EBFREESTUFF: 1 times
mksteele mentions:
  @bostonwriter: 1 times
mrjackolson mentions:
  @badwebsites: 1 times
  @mrjackolson: 2 times
wilsondutcher mentions:
  @HazelMcAdam: 1 times
  @619WriterScript: 1 times
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @kimberlyprendez: 1 times
  @LtAlgonquin: 1 times
  @scriptgirl: 1 times
andreadoria1021 mentions:
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @JosephRanseth: 1 times
janeoscpa mentions:
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
gandalfthenerd mentions:
  @congresozac: 1 times
djbogtrotter mentions:
  @AlexanderKelly: 1 times
youngamazin mentions:
  @Miscjackson: 1 times
  @Miss21Princess: 1 times
  @106andpark: 1 times
  @Chardonnay@ralphheffner: 1 times
  @AWiLL: 1 times
  @bowwow614: 1 times
  @day26: 1 times
  @Cuttygreen: 1 times
  @CuttYsladY: 1 times
cruiter mentions:
  @reddsmitty: 1 times
mvgarcia mentions:
  @voandobaixo: 1 times
  @sertoes: 1 times
  @bettodelboux: 1 times
  @kastutz: 1 times
  @novabrasilfm: 1 times
  @LuiRiveglini: 1 times
cicadastudio mentions:
  @perideaudesigns: 1 times
  @welcometoloop: 1 times
  @ThreeBySea: 1 times
  @FifiFlowers: 1 times
screechsinger mentions:
  @commonsquirrel: 1 times
johncurrie mentions:
  @biznich89: 1 times
  @zyonseven: 1 times
  @jaheed: 1 times
  @ssigman: 1 times
denrael mentions:
  @tylerflorence: 1 times
danamckinney mentions:
lanikaistudio mentions:
  @BrettGreene: 1 times
  @rainnwilson: 1 times
  @stopahmadi: 1 times
designezs mentions:
  @danitoo: 8 times
ematty mentions:
  @jfallmendinger: 1 times
cryztalvisions mentions:
  @YouniquelyChic: 1 times
  @AlloverArt: 1 times
  @GalleryVittoria: 1 times
  @sstargell: 1 times
  @crossstitcher: 1 times
  @householdjunk: 1 times
  @craftyGAgal: 1 times
made2shine mentions:
  @SecondCityStyle: 1 times
  @hellovalerie: 1 times
  @citysage: 1 times
  @VanessasRunway: 1 times
  @nicolemarie: 1 times
  @socialgood: 1 times
  @maryjanefrances: 1 times
  @captivatetanya: 1 times
mikemorganjr mentions:
  @janicegeorge: 1 times
  @MikeMorganJr: 1 times
  @hommietheclown: 1 times
  @glryfdz: 1 times
  @amandahawk: 1 times
  @michaelscollins: 1 times
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
melah98 mentions:
  @siccNasty: 1 times
  @djmere: 1 times
  @Calichica: 1 times
  @siccnasty: 1 times
  @melah98: 1 times
  @MONTANADELEON: 1 times
  @msrebelious: 1 times
eschiavino mentions:
  @pulptone: 1 times
  @SGuglie: 1 times
  @TroyStith: 1 times
dissentertainer mentions:
  @theboomie: 1 times
  @everyhour: 1 times
  @sashafrerejones: 1 times
  @commentgold: 1 times
  @jennyholzer: 1 times
jrier mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
tendenciasd mentions:
  @ifornez: 1 times
mariireis mentions:
  @karolreiss2: 1 times
  @jakebowles: 1 times
  @nathmuniz: 1 times
  @thais08: 1 times
  @jeypadrão: 1 times
suzannewilliams mentions:
  @esoterismo: 1 times
abstractkulture mentions:
  @FashionGrail: 1 times
  @stylstmanifesto: 1 times
  @AbstractKulture: 1 times
  @Arealist: 1 times
la_bella_negra mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
duebel mentions:
  @bwlohmeyer: 1 times
  @JavaSTL: 1 times
  @dolcepress: 1 times
suejester mentions:
  @jaime7722: 1 times
  @grumpyyetamusin: 1 times
  @tripfaller: 1 times
  @madartista: 1 times
  @stpaulinc: 1 times
  @susannahtwin: 1 times
stuy308 mentions:
  @ChinaClubNYC: 1 times
  @michealjackson: 1 times
crunchygoddess mentions:
  @ResourcefulMom: 1 times
pauldebenedetto mentions:
  @KimberlyKaye: 1 times
  @MaraGannon: 1 times
nhldigest mentions:
  @Mozy19: 1 times
fantomsurfer mentions:
  @peterdavanzo: 1 times
  @fantomaster: 1 times
  @ZachRoth: 1 times
  @RuudHein: 1 times
  @MariKurisato: 1 times
  @netmeg: 1 times
  @Shama: 1 times
  @evahester: 1 times
irn__bru mentions:
  @deanloveyoshi: 1 times
  @NewFromIRNBRU: 1 times
  @IrnBru: 1 times
  @mikestoke: 1 times
  @ikiddo: 1 times
  @prpointyhead: 1 times
royatkinson mentions:
  @eschreyer: 1 times
  @royatkinson: 1 times
  @smbguru: 1 times
  @CoachNancyP: 1 times
dinasoker mentions:
  @MovingLightBlessings: 1 times
  @powerwriter: 1 times
  @MBSG: 1 times
  @dinasoker: 1 times
  @TwilightEarth: 1 times
  @JosephRanseth: 1 times
  @keeperofdreams: 1 times
  @LauraArtist: 1 times
lindsey_ mentions:
  @veganhope: 1 times
peteyphoto mentions:
  @jeffcrossphoto: 1 times
  @DanaLanePhoto: 1 times
  @maxamphoto: 1 times
  @peteyphoto: 1 times
  @chrisammond: 1 times
  @Dabe: 1 times
  @bygbab: 1 times
  @fashionlikeme: 1 times
iamamro mentions:
feteafete mentions:
  @brigetter: 1 times
  @secondcitystyle: 1 times
  @stylehop: 1 times
  @coutorture: 1 times
  @purseblog: 1 times
  @cutblog: 1 times
  @coquette: 1 times
  @chickdowntown: 1 times
  @closetcravings: 1 times
  @rollasole: 1 times
beclear mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @JagStone: 1 times
  @DavidAllenKoehn: 1 times
macosrumors mentions:
  @dalaixerces: 1 times
  @JoshRizzo: 1 times
  @WelcomeToMacwell: 1 times
dgiant mentions:
  @HazelMcAdam: 1 times
  @kimderstine: 1 times
  @HTBP: 1 times
  @gcf123: 1 times
  @YanxGamesUpdate: 1 times
  @notlarrysabato: 1 times
neetsbeat mentions:
  @profnet: 1 times
  @howardcohen: 1 times
  @ftmyerssoupktch: 1 times
  @bearclau: 1 times
  @thenewspress: 1 times
  @prnewswire: 1 times
  @anglotopia: 1 times
  @CReporter: 1 times
  @woot: 1 times
seekzpeace mentions:
  @myeditionofgab: 1 times
maritimer mentions:
edmatildascuz mentions:
  @EdMatildaScuz: 1 times
  @MariaLKanellis: 1 times
downtownnyc mentions:
  @wavertreewire: 1 times
ulboise mentions:
  @IdahoBrewing: 1 times
  @BreanneRochelle: 1 times
  @MuleysCoffee: 1 times
  @WoodRiverCellars: 1 times
  @BoiseHole: 1 times
  @KrooBoise: 1 times
  @GeoCondit: 1 times
cjciaramella mentions:
  @dungzilla: 1 times
rideforroswell mentions:
  @libbyshope: 1 times
  @llsusa: 1 times
  @chrisbrewer62: 1 times
  @KJonez: 1 times
  @AlexsLemonade: 1 times
  @RoswellPark: 1 times
  @yroswell: 1 times
aliceandisa mentions:
  @poeticandchic: 1 times
  @TeeeBone: 1 times
  @ashemischief: 1 times
angelleboy mentions:
  @CourageCampaign: 1 times
  @ltdanchoi: 1 times
chrisheuer mentions:
  @morganb: 1 times
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
batcot mentions:
  @clarkformayor: 1 times
  @brogdon4gov: 1 times
  @timcoager: 1 times
dropdeaddesiree mentions:
  @sunshinelayouts: 1 times
  @officialtila: 1 times
  @erickwithnok: 1 times
  @springchick87: 1 times
  @mmitchelldaviss: 1 times
  @WeareTheUsed: 1 times
  @TWLOHA: 1 times
  @shanedawsone: 1 times
megcanada mentions:
  @missashe: 1 times
  @npnicole: 1 times
  @katzilla: 1 times
  @daniamiwa: 1 times
  @sjacobs: 1 times
  @nicycle: 1 times
  @iburt: 1 times
  @robinmarty: 1 times
lisadsparks mentions:
  @RPamela: 1 times
disopedient mentions:
  @badwebsites: 2 times
  @disopedient: 1 times
bcovi mentions:
  @bcovifollowfriday: 1 times
  @marleykid@CupcakeLala: 1 times
  @TheStauf: 1 times
  @Enjolistar: 1 times
  @ItsAppleJacks: 1 times
  @mickeymodel: 1 times
  @natemilli: 1 times
  @Rastainc: 1 times
  @shaniboo: 1 times
shadesofadiva mentions:
  @Tiffiesthetruth: 1 times
  @MsMercie: 1 times
rhymeskillzprod mentions:
  @txponygirl: 2 times
  @cruisebuzz: 1 times
  @MiSsWeTwEt2033: 1 times
  @BabyLexie: 1 times
  @ulcma: 1 times
  @LivingRheum: 1 times
  @thehoodnerd: 1 times
  @Tyrese4ReaL: 1 times
eflorida mentions:
  @chrisheuer: 1 times
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @NeilDiamond: 1 times
joshinthe818 mentions:
  @John5280: 1 times
  @joeldsosa: 1 times
  @JakeIshmael: 1 times
sierragroup mentions:
  @AdaptogenKing: 1 times
siana_mia mentions:
  @KatharinaDawn: 1 times
  @deargravity: 1 times
  @Since1908: 1 times
  @cstsox: 1 times
  @ChiBlackhawks: 1 times
  @loveline: 1 times
  @gimmeapuck: 1 times
  @haileyletang: 1 times
  @Suntimes: 1 times
gunsplusbutter mentions:
  @VaporsMagazine: 1 times
  @wizdomselah: 1 times
  @zachsolo: 1 times
  @peel: 1 times
  @mmmaria: 1 times
  @bryangreenberg: 1 times
  @blairmil: 1 times
  @heatherrene: 1 times
  @gunsplusbutter: 1 times
  @: 1 times
candrai mentions:
  @designtwit: 1 times
pamela_anne mentions:
  @heartlessdoll: 1 times
  @toplessrobot: 1 times
billhanifin mentions:
  @whoisjob: 1 times
  @surferess: 1 times
  @kimokali: 1 times
  @bodyzen: 1 times
budtrap mentions:
  @amandagbeals: 1 times
  @nickbonich: 1 times
  @prcog: 1 times
  @pitchengine: 1 times
  @tlsmooth89: 1 times
jeff_weston mentions:
  @photoshoptips: 1 times
  @AmazingPics: 1 times
  @jeremyburke: 1 times
lulumds mentions:
  @grandepremio: 1 times
  @bruhrj: 1 times
  @TonyKanaan: 1 times
  @lmkenny: 1 times
  @PlanetIrldotcom: 1 times
  @mariomoraesindy: 1 times
  @joegraphix: 1 times
  @vitonez: 1 times
motherlove_ mentions:
  @AspiringCouture: 1 times
piratewench mentions:
  @MyCatIsOnFire: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @TracyeDukes: 1 times
  @heathcrush: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @Jakesmom02: 1 times
  @therockboy: 1 times
  @makabra: 1 times
rickgalan mentions:
  @tombrannelly: 1 times
jaresh_inyo mentions:
  @candrai: 1 times
tetonvillagespo mentions:
  @heliskijackson: 1 times
twitwebtester mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @kopipeng: 1 times
  @ParasolLady: 1 times
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @Thumper545: 1 times
  @ajupresident: 1 times
  @twaloszek: 1 times
  @bmore2cali: 1 times
scott_kessman mentions:
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @fantasymagazine: 1 times
  @catrambo: 1 times
  @scribblequeen: 1 times
  @kaluzaconcept: 1 times
dalhenamona mentions:
  @capelas1993: 1 times
candicewirth mentions:
  @BettyBuzz: 4 times
mandajroberts mentions:
  @dbreakenridge: 1 times
  @suzziequeue: 1 times
  @VioletsCRUK: 1 times
  @busytucker: 1 times
kimshand mentions:
  @RHHR: 1 times
  @wsimoncm: 1 times
  @jacobshare: 1 times
  @7Recruiter: 1 times
  @rezlady: 1 times
  @TheRecruiterGuy: 1 times
  @louisefletcher: 1 times
apboardwalk mentions:
  @TPPCtv: 1 times
  @Mikecos23: 1 times
  @sjorourke: 1 times
  @chaoticchitchat: 1 times
  @jerseymenus: 1 times
  @beachcruisermag: 1 times
  @mdsharpe85: 1 times
  @alexbussey: 1 times
  @laplazacubana: 1 times
  @News12NJ: 1 times
annebiah mentions:
  @ProfPasquale: 1 times
  @evantaubenfeld: 1 times
  @mionzera: 1 times
  @wagnermoura: 1 times
  @allepeixoto: 1 times
marykay_diane mentions:
  @SallyLeeCandles: 1 times
iuwebmaster mentions:
  @chenglan: 1 times
  @airthom: 1 times
  @mkerr: 1 times
  @schultmc: 1 times
espn_prodgirl mentions:
  @JTGL12: 1 times
tashanitaadams mentions:
  @MadisonLA: 1 times
  @TFLN: 1 times
  @LAObserved: 1 times
  @ShopDiavolina: 1 times
  @ItsNotTVItsDana: 1 times
  @giltgroupe: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @HiStyley: 1 times
  @KTLT: 1 times
  @lilliamr: 1 times
  @AplusRdesign: 1 times
darkmagentarose mentions:
  @Delilahsgh: 1 times
  @zekegaudy: 1 times
  @yashka: 1 times
  @commonsquirrel: 1 times
gift_girl mentions:
  @Chrysdesigns: 1 times
  @novamc: 1 times
  @instyledecor: 1 times
  @itsajaimething: 1 times
  @giftgirl: 1 times
  @CollectibleShop: 1 times
  @margaritabloom: 1 times
  @SilverRoseBeads: 1 times
bradkirkland mentions:
  @AmericanMensa: 1 times
heathbar6 mentions:
  @SCL411: 1 times
mrdavidwilcox mentions:
  @bupperoni: 1 times
havepack mentions:
  @MyMelange: 1 times
  @ottsworld: 1 times
  @theplanetd: 1 times
  @flygirl737700: 1 times
  @Travelaholic: 1 times
cainvommars mentions:
  @stefmandeluxe: 1 times
  @cyberpet: 1 times
  @blaubeerkuchen: 1 times
  @dorst: 1 times
  @icy37: 1 times
  @2pommes: 1 times
lesliemack mentions:
  @ProtesterHelp: 1 times
  @kkreft: 1 times
  @bnbs: 1 times
  @BarbRad: 1 times
  @CNN: 1 times
  @cshirky: 1 times
jorgeavilam mentions:
  @davidlh: 1 times
  @JuanRios: 1 times
  @s3frik: 1 times
  @Katalink: 1 times
  @zepzilia: 1 times
  @weymaster: 1 times
  @jorgeavilam: 1 times
avidjon mentions:
  @tedzfarm: 1 times
_germana mentions:
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
mattranta mentions:
  @badbanana: 1 times
sooorinikulous mentions:
  @charmizane: 1 times
  @SoooRiNIKulous: 1 times
baronschaaf mentions:
  @daveschappell: 1 times
  @moniguzman: 1 times
culinaria mentions:
  @multishow: 1 times
  @TheWishfulChef: 1 times
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @TheGRAMMYs: 1 times
  @mineralrich: 1 times
  @dannywhitehouse: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
hollywoody mentions:
  @TheBrianNolan: 1 times
  @andrewcurryca: 1 times
  @marqueemarc: 1 times
  @sethapper: 1 times
  @tabathacoffey: 1 times
  @officialtila: 1 times
  @leomadrid: 1 times
  @nickcrossxxx: 1 times
  @fanboyq: 1 times
aliadler mentions:
  @shaneheadboy: 1 times
meeerol mentions:
  @sharebrain: 1 times
be_neviani mentions:
  @frednavarro: 1 times
hbuscho mentions:
  @thaicat: 1 times
boiarski mentions:
  @Astartiel: 1 times
  @handfulofstones: 1 times
  @roxmarox: 1 times
  @alotuspoetry: 1 times
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
  @yingko4: 1 times
  @twihaiku: 1 times
  @shannoetry: 1 times
  @kateharrison: 1 times
  @taylorxanne: 1 times
mdg1122 mentions:
  @MerlottesBar: 1 times
  @CalvinNorris: 1 times
  @TanyaGrissom: 1 times
  @AlcideHerveaux: 1 times
  @QuinntheTiger: 1 times
  @jasonBT: 1 times
  @TrayDawson: 1 times
hirechelsea mentions:
  @kirkfarmer: 1 times
  @typeis4lovers: 1 times
  @chadwickfowler: 1 times
  @BillySheahan: 1 times
  @lovehasnologic: 1 times
  @RudiR: 1 times
  @paigeiam: 1 times
  @ninky: 1 times
seovalue mentions:
  @ChangeNetwork: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @Bricklv: 1 times
  @jenniferlhorton: 1 times
  @EpicureanJourny: 1 times
  @MarieLancup: 1 times
  @healnthrive: 1 times
  @tweeterfreak: 1 times
wealthadvantage mentions:
  @Martineau: 1 times
krsk0 mentions:
  @henrikc: 1 times
  @hammershaug: 1 times
  @MacGeeky: 1 times
afoolishmind mentions:
immissntexas mentions:
  @Joannb118: 1 times
michael_magpie mentions:
  @FunnyorDieUK: 1 times
eedla2bjs mentions:
rainbowbtrfly mentions:
  @lucyntn: 1 times
skovi mentions:
  @karyva: 1 times
  @krisitha: 1 times
  @doritosr: 1 times
  @luisarch: 1 times
  @diemarkeza: 1 times
  @skovi: 1 times
  @betorodriguez: 1 times
  @xeduarda: 1 times
  @MekishikoNoNeko: 1 times
hopechat mentions:
  @HNatarajan: 1 times
  @ProgressivePam: 1 times
  @bizziemommy: 1 times
ald mentions:
cathywebsavvypr mentions:
  @carissarogers: 1 times
  @resourcefulmom: 1 times
  @typeamom: 1 times
  @jylmomIF: 1 times
  @angengland: 1 times
bluejeangourmet mentions:
  @sweetamandine: 1 times
  @BlueJeanGourmet: 1 times
quirkywriter mentions:
dan_kuschell mentions:
  @DrMichelle: 1 times
  @tljlw: 1 times
  @JoDellaPenna: 1 times
  @KiwiTuck: 1 times
  @Herbs2Oils: 1 times
  @weals1: 1 times
  @hingoranee: 1 times
  @beebrewer: 1 times
  @DarrellRhoades: 1 times
csingel mentions:
  @comedydotcom: 1 times
pinkabooo mentions:
  @linavet: 1 times
  @banfinning: 1 times
  @mduncanvm: 1 times
  @twollyhood: 1 times
  @aperfectasst: 1 times
  @digeratii: 1 times
  @sharpetorium: 1 times
  @dawndsokol: 1 times
  @smurfn8r: 1 times
  @tabinstyle: 1 times
susanorlean mentions:
  @sallysampson: 1 times
ninocasan mentions:
  @tarushijio: 1 times
gerardgreene mentions:
a_crezo mentions:
  @PurpleMuffinMan: 1 times
arrowearth mentions:
  @BCToastmastersRT: 1 times
  @FitnessTown: 1 times
  @boblally@mayorsam@CBoogie1908: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci@realsarah@debrasnider@arroweart: 1 times
barbaraling mentions:
  @rictownsend: 1 times
  @billvick: 1 times
  @careerealism: 1 times
  @EducatePlus: 1 times
  @jobhuntorg: 1 times
  @mattliptak: 1 times
  @crisjobcoach: 1 times
  @careersandjobs: 1 times
amyleeroth mentions:
  @riavonentprises: 1 times
  @meetthenewmedia: 1 times
  @chrislredshaw: 1 times
  @socialmag: 1 times
  @cashmereraleigh: 1 times
  @esslounge: 1 times
  @CMAwards: 1 times
fellup mentions:
  @gootecks: 1 times
  @iancofino: 1 times
  @jwonggg: 1 times
  @thatmikerossguy: 1 times
  @ufragtv: 1 times
sergiodevega mentions:
todaysjoy mentions:
writingforever mentions:
  @gerardk: 1 times
  @StaceyKay6: 1 times
  @flagunas: 1 times
  @Brighteyes08: 1 times
  @3v3lynM: 1 times
  @Justzachh: 1 times
melaniewci mentions:
  @deirdreryan: 1 times
  @enlightphoto: 1 times
nikapika mentions:
  @thefashionguard: 1 times
bryanroberts mentions:
  @iphonenoelito: 1 times
  @Creperia: 1 times
ryantinnams mentions:
  @fedzy: 1 times
  @AlexaHohenberg: 1 times
  @jasminedotiwala: 1 times
  @charligirl75: 1 times
  @anderso: 1 times
therapydoggabe mentions:
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @BITT59: 1 times
  @GabrielsAngels: 1 times
  @emancini: 1 times
  @esoterismo: 1 times
  @BillTalbert: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
yoursextoys mentions:
  @terilg: 1 times
  @blrmoneytalkz: 1 times
  @chakha30: 1 times
  @koolronnie: 1 times
sandrasingeresq mentions:
  @MarkRMatthews: 1 times
jeda_21 mentions:
  @insidelinecom: 1 times
  @fantomaster: 1 times
  @breakingnews: 1 times
carlomarx mentions:
  @mattybyloose: 1 times
thankphil mentions:
  @BaseballStone: 1 times
honoluluacademy mentions:
  @ynoelanisupport: 1 times
  @TCMHonolulu: 1 times
  @honoluluacademy: 1 times
caseydjordan mentions:
  @leedrake: 1 times
  @ericneumann: 1 times
  @flyfishing: 1 times
  @rww: 1 times
  @markfrisk: 1 times
aiminglowe mentions:
  @actionchick: 1 times
gleneivey mentions:
  @ACLU: 2 times
  @drford: 1 times
tato95 mentions:
  @Collide: 1 times
  @TheRaj: 1 times
  @3zequiel: 1 times
namakemono49 mentions:
  @SaireBennetto: 1 times
  @keza34: 1 times
  @pob34: 1 times
  @worcswarrior: 1 times
diegogranda mentions:
  @SergiuMunoz: 1 times
  @Laso9: 1 times
  @cheronin: 1 times
  @alguiendeperico: 1 times
cosmeticcnsprac mentions:
  @hair101: 1 times
  @michelletrent: 1 times
  @maggymaes: 1 times
  @laserskinsolutn: 1 times
chuck_ksc mentions:
  @yachtcharters: 1 times
southsidekustom mentions:
  @booksbelow: 1 times
enki09 mentions:
  @FadiPick: 1 times
flowcoachbert mentions:
  @DonnaKozik: 1 times
  @murnahan: 1 times
  @startupcoach: 1 times
  @idressner: 1 times
  @barefootexec: 1 times
  @marismith: 1 times
  @bourbanski: 1 times
  @barbaraling: 1 times
usn_retired mentions:
  @onmarketer: 1 times
  @Wild7even: 1 times
  @Jelaniglass: 1 times
  @buysculpture: 1 times
techmama mentions:
  @Katadhin: 1 times
traciknoppe mentions:
benlamothe mentions:
  @tylermasseys: 1 times
aussiewebmaster mentions:
  @susanesparza: 1 times
  @mel66: 1 times
  @lisabarone: 1 times
  @rhea: 1 times
  @coplandmj: 1 times
  @shanatweeting: 1 times
  @annekennedy: 1 times
  @shannonpoole: 1 times
spencer_c_smith mentions:
  @billengvall: 1 times
  @thetravelbee: 1 times
  @johnstossel: 1 times
  @minnesotachris@YALiberty: 1 times
  @DrRandPaul: 1 times
dswinder mentions:
  @insearchofsanuk: 1 times
  @paconmiller: 1 times
crazy_bliss mentions:
  @amagou: 1 times
  @SecretAura: 1 times
  @davevargas: 1 times
  @CrazyBliss: 1 times
eaglesrhythm mentions:
  @charleyw: 1 times
  @EmmJay: 1 times
  @rustybrick: 1 times
  @shalomcharlie: 1 times
  @earthXplorer: 1 times
  @kibbe: 1 times
  @MaxLucado: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @stephanie00: 1 times
  @natasha: 1 times
  @HelenDrum: 1 times
rexhuppke mentions:
  @meetingboy: 1 times
ninapierce mentions:
  @RoscoeJames: 1 times
  @alannacoca: 1 times
  @TrinaMLee: 1 times
aperfectworld mentions:
  @jimmykingofcats: 1 times
peanut009 mentions:
  @rondelonline: 1 times
katieg28 mentions:
  @InHaleThePurp: 1 times
  @bunnycat007: 1 times
  @MyIslandLife: 1 times
  @JoshMarino420: 1 times
  @theheadbitch: 1 times
  @PotLegalization: 1 times
  @XANAXx: 1 times
nessie1234 mentions:
  @andyv67Poor: 1 times
  @salandpepper: 1 times
  @iamtrefusis: 1 times
  @brandyandice: 1 times
  @jostarlight: 1 times
  @elpedro444: 1 times
undasea mentions:
  @procopy: 1 times
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @studentoflife: 1 times
  @SeanMalarkey: 1 times
  @bethlapides: 1 times
  @MonalizaAmid: 1 times
  @philosophytruth: 1 times
  @AnnetteColby: 1 times
austinhurst mentions:
bkilat mentions:
  @rzrachelzoe: 1 times
alanneese mentions:
rawfoodnation mentions:
  @CharmsOfLight: 1 times
  @GUMsMinis: 1 times
  @Rawbin: 1 times
  @TangerineTang: 1 times
  @Joebees: 1 times
  @KiddTW: 1 times
leonardobob mentions:
  @CYBORGT101: 1 times
  @bebendo: 1 times
  @Touroman: 1 times
  @quartosinistro: 1 times
msabatini78 mentions:
  @CNMDallas: 1 times
pornographique mentions:
  @nairbello: 1 times
  @gloriakalil: 1 times
mediahubnetwork mentions:
  @vimel: 1 times
sassyred mentions:
shelliet mentions:
  @fuelwrnchr: 1 times
  @kathyspurlock: 1 times
2sleepyheads mentions:
julieburrows mentions:
  @garbybcohen: 1 times
  @martymathis: 1 times
  @iniziocreative: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @JosephRBryd: 1 times
tnbase mentions:
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ibbysjewels: 1 times
  @MalamaMaui: 1 times
  @DynamicDiva42: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @tamikcarenee: 1 times
michellescats mentions:
  @michellescats: 1 times
kaos_twitteando mentions:
  @keritaa: 1 times
ghettosavant mentions:
  @DoubleFresh: 1 times
sefus mentions:
  @bjam331: 1 times
  @DieCer: 1 times
  @nyakototo: 1 times
  @LOSTWFTB: 1 times
  @theretrometro: 1 times
  @k8go: 1 times
  @maeghaenlee: 1 times
  @topbunkgrl: 1 times
  @StyleWeekly: 1 times
  @RVAMAG: 1 times
  @verystickyrice: 1 times
natewinn mentions:
  @theOJG: 1 times
jeffreychall mentions:
  @azmyoskeletal: 1 times
  @BradNolan: 1 times
apriljuneaugust mentions:
  @lorenarojas: 1 times
  @drew: 1 times
  @lancearmstrong: 1 times
swp_updates mentions:
  @littlescottie: 1 times
  @Big: 1 times
  @rowdyw10: 1 times
  @FredDavis: 1 times
  @drrickwiner: 1 times
  @natebunnyfield: 1 times
  @itsMarcJS: 1 times
  @benasmith: 1 times
  @philmartinez: 1 times
  @Ltwup: 1 times
saracomito mentions:
  @KevinGators: 1 times
theartofkaren mentions:
  @aspca: 1 times
  @theanimalrescue: 1 times
eljuncoenpie mentions:
  @ulizes: 1 times
  @crispolaris: 1 times
geschenktipp mentions:
  @deineigenerwein: 1 times
  @sektpalast: 1 times
  @deinsekt: 1 times
  @simply4you: 1 times
  @electrolite: 1 times
  @geschenktipp: 1 times
  @BKlunkerfisch: 1 times
  @mueslis: 1 times
  @candyandmore: 1 times
  @BierPost: 1 times
kyrobbins mentions:
  @BobCallahan: 1 times
  @MariusOna: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @kyrobbins: 1 times
  @DebbieTraum: 1 times
  @DWO34: 1 times
danzphoto mentions:
  @abbyharenberg: 1 times
artseechick mentions:
  @enigmagraphics: 1 times
  @MzTastee: 1 times
  @marcyville: 1 times
  @KingLA: 1 times
  @Graphicgod: 1 times
  @STLent: 1 times
  @mrxtothaz: 1 times
  @ToyaJ: 1 times
  @ACDoesItBetter: 1 times
  @LilMama33: 1 times
  @Ahmier: 1 times
ztoryteller mentions:
  @tacanderson: 1 times
  @spincycle3: 1 times
  @Ztoryteller: 1 times
  @TJSonOfAnder: 1 times
  @JeremyMeyers: 1 times
  @foleymo: 1 times
regillo mentions:
  @geoffc11: 1 times
  @HuntingJob: 1 times
  @Reisser: 1 times
  @ReallyShecky: 1 times
  @Dynamic2020: 1 times
  @tomraines: 1 times
  @mfrancopt: 1 times
  @CMV420: 1 times
  @simasays: 1 times
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
sexyhunnybunny mentions:
  @TasteofGee: 1 times
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @AshyLBowz: 1 times
indydina mentions:
  @lalimasverde: 1 times
rafaelfestlagos mentions:
  @cristianpior: 1 times
swisstourism mentions:
  @DocRemy: 1 times
  @rocketman528: 1 times
  @LilianeRausch: 1 times
  @LadyTwitster: 1 times
  @ninaferrell: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
rickyrobi mentions:
  @squidoo: 1 times
werkill0 mentions:
  @keritaa: 1 times
  @Kaostwitteando: 1 times
  @LauraDark: 1 times
  @Masiosare: 1 times
  @Perliux: 1 times
  @brenditaaloz: 1 times
  @Zapata10011: 1 times
  @jsot: 1 times
  @rapapu: 1 times
  @garlock: 1 times
  @manchita: 1 times
tashabelle mentions:
  @timjenkins: 1 times
  @brookegerhart: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @sabeatdown: 1 times
jobitt mentions:
  @ariblus: 1 times
seeyouonthecall mentions:
  @rorystern: 1 times
eriqahbutterfly mentions:
  @TruSkillz3k: 1 times
  @SAEmyname: 1 times
  @dwighthoward: 1 times
  @ksudderth88: 1 times
holyschmoke mentions:
  @rugbyNo6: 1 times
fabhdz mentions:
  @Succexxyy: 1 times
  @tuli0: 1 times
  @webjac: 1 times
  @mehizosonreir: 1 times
jdjones7 mentions:
  @GradyMc: 1 times
jmike3 mentions:
  @DineshaD: 2 times
  @Jami3V: 1 times
  @chmpton1: 1 times
  @Slypayne: 1 times
  @JMIKE3: 1 times
  @greglvann: 1 times
lowryagency mentions:
  @colleenAlanna: 1 times
  @jessalicia: 1 times
  @MakeItInMusic: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @judyrodman: 1 times
  @JodiWhisenhunt: 1 times
  @KeepAustinWired: 1 times
  @Julstar3: 1 times
  @YourTuneSpace: 1 times
awbphotography mentions:
  @SplashWine: 1 times
  @lacostawineco: 1 times
ekipstonmai mentions:
  @ComedyBint: 1 times
ellenbueno mentions:
  @HUCKLUCIANO: 1 times
lizzy52 mentions:
  @cafeenelebalcon: 1 times
aerovisionit mentions:
  @aileenst: 1 times
  @rickhoeye: 1 times
  @AndyGilpin: 1 times
  @THEPRIM: 1 times
  @simplehunter: 1 times
  @clatko: 1 times
  @rosietratt: 1 times
  @mclynd: 1 times
weakshadeofblue mentions:
  @infidelsarecool: 1 times
  @DLoesch: 1 times
mlozano9 mentions:
  @jordi: 1 times
  @fedecasas: 1 times
  @eltatos: 1 times
  @gabycolorado: 1 times
  @zoetheband: 1 times
  @paco80df: 1 times
  @reclu: 1 times
  @maraiana: 1 times
coachchelsey mentions:
  @lindseycholmes: 1 times
  @coachdoug: 1 times
  @coachchelsey: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @tiasparkles: 1 times
  @goodvibecoach: 1 times
  @machenmacdonald: 1 times
thewheeler717 mentions:
  @l0RENElAiNE: 1 times
  @TheWheeler717: 1 times
  @DatDudeSuccess: 1 times
  @yamaLi: 1 times
  @RASHAUNWILLIAMS: 1 times
  @l0renelaine: 1 times
  @loveporche: 1 times
  @reasyymofletch: 1 times
  @rinael: 1 times
vianessa mentions:
  @ahmedsiddiqui: 1 times
  @athenadreams: 1 times
  @Vianessa: 1 times
  @bradgallaway: 1 times
  @artlinkgallery: 1 times
  @daveed70: 1 times
  @arivindabraham: 1 times
  @Norlinda: 1 times
matter_of_matt mentions:
  @GioPino2689: 1 times
  @mabelhastosay: 1 times
  @Brokencaged: 1 times
  @AlongsideAle: 1 times
  @SocialVibe: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
  @MatterofMatt: 1 times
buenobye mentions:
  @jen78521: 1 times
  @melicious24: 1 times
  @LovelyLondon: 1 times
  @SimplyPositive: 1 times
  @SheriTingle: 1 times
  @luckyprincesa: 1 times
  @BUTTERFLEYES: 1 times
  @ladybirdlake: 1 times
princesshan mentions:
  @annmarie123: 1 times
  @jessicashow: 1 times
  @stev02008: 1 times
  @oakleydoakley: 1 times
  @matthewmolony: 1 times
  @mattremonimo: 1 times
  @tanyapower: 1 times
  @hopefulauthor@sarahNics: 1 times
an mentions:
  @BrianTracy: 1 times
mencia16 mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
blondilucious mentions:
  @kb3mkd: 1 times
  @Blondilucious: 1 times
  @patrickmeehan: 1 times
blakeybizz mentions:
  @SimonOxely: 1 times
  @zombiecreator: 1 times
  @HaydenBloom: 1 times
  @robert13251325: 1 times
brendamontes mentions:
  @mitzuco: 1 times
triphos mentions:
  @BIGDOGS: 2 times
  @irondavy: 1 times
kreaville mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
frankjones mentions:
  @blondeonbrdwy: 1 times
lyontamer73 mentions:
ibbysjewels mentions:
  @TNbase: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ibbysjewels: 1 times
  @MalamaMaui: 1 times
  @DynamicDiva42: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
  @tamikcarenee: 1 times
joesalome mentions:
  @3Deezy: 1 times
  @khuda1: 1 times
  @sportsmktgrev: 1 times
  @Meaghery: 1 times
  @sportsinfo101: 1 times
  @AtlantaBytes: 1 times
  @shawnpbutler: 1 times
  @2livestews: 1 times
  @790thezone: 1 times
aliasgirl18 mentions:
  @AwesomeSauceUK: 1 times
popky mentions:
  @jpopky: 1 times
ukstartup mentions:
james3neal mentions:
  @NMTweeting: 1 times
jackswann mentions:
  @aaronking: 1 times
  @davebryant: 1 times
  @whiteazy: 1 times
  @gailmjohnson: 1 times
  @debramsmith: 1 times
labrack2401 mentions:
simplydecadent mentions:
  @ChefMaxient: 1 times
  @SimplyDecadent: 1 times
  @MyCaribbeanFood: 1 times
  @chefgui: 1 times
  @ChefMark: 1 times
  @BridgetCooKs: 1 times
  @HollyHadsell: 1 times
  @Ch: 1 times
panozzaj mentions:
  @offbytwo: 1 times
artedigital mentions:
  @ThankTank: 1 times
  @lv2gve: 1 times
  @lynlasneski: 1 times
karina_fansite mentions:
  @SarenzoBeads: 1 times
  @KelonDeJuan: 1 times
  @3kfansite: 1 times
  @MEanGurly24: 1 times
  @ohsouniquedp: 1 times
  @Listersmate: 1 times
cletuscoffey mentions:
  @carltonf@Carelea: 1 times
  @j0shm: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @TheCandleRanch: 1 times
  @CletusCoffey: 1 times
bobbendick mentions:
  @shockozulu: 1 times
  @shanenickerson: 1 times
  @PFTompkins: 1 times
  @robhuebel: 1 times
  @therealbuzz: 1 times
pasta_the_cat mentions:
  @Sockington: 1 times
  @gabbygecko: 1 times
  @bowlofmilk: 1 times
tug23 mentions:
  @MellowMushroom: 1 times
businessbeehive mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
sarajayxxx mentions:
  @JCannonDSD: 1 times
  @ByronLongXXX: 1 times
  @CarmenHayes: 1 times
  @alexisamore: 1 times
  @brandonlongwood: 1 times
  @GiannaMichaels: 1 times
  @haileyyoungxxx: 1 times
  @JohnEDepth: 1 times
  @KellyDivine: 1 times
heisenhower mentions:
  @heisenhower: 1 times
rodrigodelgado mentions:
  @LauraRisso: 1 times
  @elsamonique: 1 times
  @cafefenix: 1 times
  @graciadelcielo: 1 times
  @llenadevida: 1 times
julialucinhuki1 mentions:
  @iloveyasmin: 1 times
echelonnorway mentions:
  @venicedivision: 1 times
  @FloridaEchelon: 1 times
  @battleof30stm: 1 times
  @italianechelon: 1 times
  @echelongt: 1 times
  @echelonlatino: 1 times
  @georgianechelon: 1 times
  @Habitweets: 1 times
jeneffervescent mentions:
  @tinahelwig: 1 times
pinkslipmixerlv mentions:
  @SnehalStocks: 1 times
emocafe mentions:
  @FamousCuteBoys: 1 times
  @10pAdvertising: 1 times
  @poppymarie: 1 times
  @LeeatLRetail: 1 times
  @skrobertson: 1 times
hello_valerie mentions:
  @chicfille: 1 times
  @CarrotsNCake: 1 times
  @fairykikka: 1 times
  @dreamsequins: 1 times
  @PolishedSense: 1 times
  @lpfashionista: 1 times
  @fashionchalet: 1 times
  @foiledcupcakes: 1 times
  @SaraASR: 1 times
yorkee1 mentions:
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
mattstratton mentions:
  @RockstrNinjaGrl: 1 times
  @mattstratton: 1 times
  @maddiemarie: 1 times
  @hotlou: 1 times
  @MyInnerCougar: 1 times
llenadevida mentions:
  @RodrigoDelgado: 1 times
gwegner mentions:
  @QuinnCreative: 1 times
  @gwegner: 1 times
utbrown mentions:
  @Trichology: 2 times
chrishfilms mentions:
  @joshuael: 1 times
jhacobson mentions:
  @a2fh: 1 times
homepartner mentions:
  @jenflycolorado: 1 times
  @mattdollinger: 1 times
  @cyberhomes: 1 times
  @homepartner: 1 times
xfiles_db mentions:
dodaharry mentions:
  @spartan3179: 1 times
ameliekent mentions:
  @mariezepeezy: 1 times
annataylors mentions:
  @RadiantHeart: 1 times
  @MikaelaAngel: 1 times
  @JanMasters: 1 times
  @autsmama98: 1 times
nordstrom mentions:
  @MargueriteMary: 1 times
  @seattlestyle: 1 times
  @designershoe: 1 times
  @MadisonBuyer: 1 times
  @zioneyemedia: 1 times
  @soffe: 1 times
  @jimreppond: 1 times
  @brookejinct: 1 times
nansy095 mentions:
  @belevtsev: 1 times
david_wylie mentions:
  @stephenhui: 1 times
  @ChrisParry: 1 times
jeremysole mentions:
  @djday: 1 times
  @AfroFunke: 1 times
  @artdontsleep: 1 times
  @ChicoMann: 1 times
  @common: 1 times
  @Clifton1775: 1 times
  @DeepakChopra: 1 times
  @DemocracyNow: 1 times
  @folkandfable: 1 times
mysticaljett mentions:
  @: 1 times
twiley1012 mentions:
  @thrillerchick: 1 times
  @mmj5170: 1 times
  @whereishawkins: 1 times
  @dsanson: 1 times
  @alichemist: 1 times
  @apmonkey: 1 times
  @cmedders: 1 times
  @jdrhoades: 1 times
  @toni: 1 times
going4greatness mentions:
  @heather1011: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @gilbirmingham: 1 times
  @billyburke: 1 times
cleaninggirl mentions:
  @BonesFans: 1 times
  @1critic: 1 times
  @ChoeBe: 1 times
  @onebreath: 1 times
  @xoHerbieox: 1 times
  @hollybeane: 1 times
  @GeneralProfound: 1 times
  @ninirific: 1 times
  @JaneHungOz: 1 times
  @FranAnnie: 1 times
  @junkiecat: 1 times
shoffnera mentions:
  @leesteffen: 1 times
  @lemondroptweets: 1 times
g4tv mentions:
  @aots: 1 times
  @thefeed: 1 times
  @websoup: 1 times
  @xplay: 1 times
  @themmoreport: 1 times
  @g420: 1 times
lasthopeinc mentions:
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @SafeHounds: 1 times
  @WaysideWaifs: 1 times
  @LASTHOPEINC: 1 times
lyndan mentions:
  @tylermassey: 1 times
thesweetrevenge mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @alexismachine: 1 times
  @LindaHeathNH: 1 times
  @eminus: 1 times
  @theraygungirls: 1 times
  @ChronofChaos: 1 times
  @JazzyLovesYa: 1 times
writeontime mentions:
  @ADeLesDernier: 1 times
  @natalietejeda: 1 times
  @norafrost: 1 times
  @dquack: 1 times
citiesofwa mentions:
  @seattlewash: 1 times
  @stanwoodwa: 1 times
  @vancouverwash: 1 times
  @tacomawash: 1 times
  @bellinghamwash: 1 times
  @woodinvillewash: 1 times
vincetornero mentions:
  @jeffjacks7: 1 times
tbsearch mentions:
  @expatfromhell: 1 times
  @tbsearch: 1 times
  @divacoachdabney: 1 times
  @ladyexec: 1 times
  @careerealism: 1 times
  @jtkwebseo: 1 times
objectar mentions:
lurquer mentions:
  @verwon: 2 times
  @Lurquer: 1 times
  @lurkey: 1 times
nicheadvice4u mentions:
  @D9Dan: 1 times
  @lookielookies: 1 times
  @kevinriley: 1 times
  @MaheshKukreja: 1 times
  @tonyblakelive: 1 times
  @grentone: 1 times
ada_vaughan mentions:
  @jwoodymeach: 1 times
branchr mentions:
  @rsspberry: 1 times
bingofuel mentions:
  @TheTowelBoy: 1 times
  @AdmiralRusty: 1 times
  @JSBMRevolution: 1 times
resherpa mentions:
  @KimNishida: 1 times
blakkdesigns mentions:
  @abortmag: 1 times
  @voodooexp2009: 1 times
  @alyankovic: 1 times
  @AdobeTV: 1 times
  @NorCalChika: 1 times
  @genesimmons: 1 times
  @WarnerBrosEnt: 1 times
  @urbanpicassoart: 1 times
  @sparklydest: 1 times
joannav40 mentions:
  @flavette09: 1 times
bcb_ mentions:
  @DocumentDriven: 1 times
  @BCB: 1 times
  @poisonpen92: 1 times
  @shannonstacey: 1 times
  @angelajames: 1 times
scottszur mentions:
  @AbsolutelyAbby: 1 times
  @LaurieDesAutels: 1 times
iijoanna mentions:
  @pripper: 1 times
  @iijoanna: 1 times
  @CDPappas: 1 times
  @moofchild: 1 times
  @judithstephens: 1 times
milehighschemeb mentions:
  @CMartakamr2010: 1 times
  @kidfresh5280: 1 times
  @msveronicababy: 1 times
georgewezsley mentions:
  @GOODENess357: 1 times
paulburlson mentions:
  @Kojak: 1 times
juliesixxam mentions:
  @asaysdilligaf: 1 times
  @katxrainbows: 1 times
  @lyricallyme: 1 times
  @jamesamichael: 1 times
djjc2001 mentions:
  @chrisu: 1 times
  @mattraub: 1 times
  @gillisjoe: 1 times
  @davepress: 1 times
  @theflickcast: 1 times
  @SalLoria: 1 times
  @TripperMcGee: 1 times
  @HToshiko: 1 times
  @filmgirl: 1 times
  @bobstarrorg: 1 times
ctskrabut mentions:
  @36Point: 1 times
  @barpokerbydennis: 1 times
  @reneengstrom: 1 times
  @sohmer: 1 times
  @secretpenguin: 1 times
  @MattOrand: 1 times
  @AIGANebraska: 1 times
  @hawkster: 1 times
  @PravalikaDesign: 1 times
  @9miles: 1 times
hellyski mentions:
  @joyceSolano: 1 times
trish1972 mentions:
  @jameskysonlee: 1 times
  @greggrunberg: 1 times
  @wendilynnmakeup: 1 times
  @HeroesARG: 1 times
  @OliverGrigsby: 1 times
  @JamesProps: 1 times
  @breagrant: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @TheMightyFoz: 1 times
texburgher mentions:
  @weselec: 1 times
  @sloganeerist: 1 times
amazonstruments mentions:
  @Izzyedible: 1 times
  @4FreeMusic: 1 times
  @musictastey: 1 times
  @Amazonstruments: 1 times
raskenbo mentions:
  @raskenbo: 1 times
  @ihuntmidgets: 1 times
ycopfiles mentions:
  @christammiller: 1 times
jeremygilliam mentions:
  @amykarp: 1 times
  @txheadshots: 1 times
peogle mentions:
  @RoadBlog: 1 times
  @BlockAdblock: 1 times
  @FootballJustice: 1 times
uk_seo mentions:
  @Peogle: 1 times
  @RoadBlog: 1 times
  @BlockAdblock: 1 times
  @FootballJustice: 1 times
liquidivory mentions:
  @EastDallasAlice: 2 times
  @CherriLala: 1 times
  @tommytrc: 1 times
  @Withoutemotion: 1 times
  @CristaHuff: 1 times
  @BUTTERFLYWHEEL: 1 times
jasmined mentions:
  @akirah: 1 times
  @disgrasian: 1 times
  @maeko: 1 times
  @MingandPing: 1 times
  @raymondroker: 1 times
  @Nicotone: 1 times
  @MarisaNakasone: 1 times
  @angryasianman: 1 times
  @zentronix: 1 times
  @Jennypenny22: 1 times
lecastlevania mentions:
  @devilgossip: 1 times
kbock70 mentions:
  @VAStateParks: 1 times
angelacato mentions:
  @oreokingFriends: 1 times
  @blackjkspollock: 1 times
  @writer247: 1 times
  @CajunFerreira: 1 times
  @LostNMissing: 1 times
  @AngelaCato: 1 times
epsilonorion mentions:
  @unimatrix0zero: 1 times
  @DeliaTheArtist: 1 times
  @GingerSwan: 1 times
  @MsInItForDaKill: 1 times
  @geekgirls: 1 times
  @MariBiscuits: 1 times
  @zenbitch: 1 times
  @geekgirldiva: 1 times
  @actionchick: 1 times
renatocamargo mentions:
  @huckluciano: 1 times
pursedogtv mentions:
  @nadeemd: 1 times
  @teamqivana: 1 times
  @youngcj86: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @Darfinc: 1 times
  @KristynBurtt: 1 times
  @TheWebFiles: 1 times
  @PeachiePoodle: 1 times
  @TuffyCat: 1 times
  @OSTRICK: 1 times
webaddict mentions:
  @BeShirtHappy: 1 times
  @webaddict: 1 times
sugarshock mentions:
  @InMyProOpinion: 1 times
  @Cybelesayscom: 1 times
  @BeautyInRealLif: 1 times
  @Butterflydiary: 1 times
  @bellasugar: 1 times
  @MakeupBag: 1 times
  @AllLacqueredUp: 1 times
ministrymusic mentions:
  @rayforte: 1 times
  @LMElias: 1 times
  @LadyMinista: 1 times
  @MinistryMusic: 1 times
  @mstausha: 1 times
  @coily28: 1 times
  @skypchylde: 1 times
accepted mentions:
  @FutureDocs: 1 times
  @MBAOath: 1 times
  @WESFans: 1 times
  @SymondsGSB: 1 times
  @djveeder: 1 times
  @ScottAnderson85: 1 times
iamdebra mentions:
  @AprylsAntics: 1 times
  @JSWolck: 1 times
  @some1ssista: 1 times
  @seamusandmaggie: 1 times
ninjen mentions:
  @stephenkruiser: 1 times
  @RightGirl: 1 times
  @itsonlywords: 1 times
  @KellyG5: 1 times
  @Slugger41: 1 times
  @Sugarwilla: 1 times
  @jeffdillon: 1 times
  @nicoleslaw: 1 times
andreacpb mentions:
  @Canallondres: 1 times
  @andreacpb: 1 times
  @GaleriaFilmes: 1 times
  @saraueletronic: 1 times
  @oqueixoingles: 1 times
  @jtecnologia: 1 times
tr67 mentions:
  @bigdippermsla: 1 times
gsdispatch mentions:
  @donrock1: 1 times
kelliespatz mentions:
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
  @rossanneg: 1 times
  @drnili: 1 times
  @ManifestIntent: 1 times
  @KellieSpatz: 1 times
  @tschaeper: 1 times
  @CathyDavies: 1 times
tweetmystyle mentions:
  @mS0dq0: 1 times
  @wayway8: 1 times
  @gazman47: 1 times
  @Legz125: 1 times
automatica_ mentions:
  @cbotwell: 1 times
  @larsthedrummer: 1 times
  @jerrytroll: 1 times
  @gentrylassiter: 1 times
  @campusprogress: 1 times
  @TJarrell: 1 times
vonscheibler mentions:
  @kryptonsite: 1 times
  @HarryPotterFilm: 1 times
  @allisonmack: 1 times
  @mrosenbaum711: 1 times
storykrafter mentions:
  @danielaudet: 1 times
  @RenovationTherapy: 1 times
  @denyseduhaime: 1 times
  @RonaldWilsher: 1 times
  @carltonf: 1 times
mflowers1965 mentions:
  @tweeterdiva: 1 times
  @rww: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
  @AppleInvestor: 1 times
  @kirstiealley: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
mcgeeryan mentions:
  @Lotay: 1 times
  @lifeinthegalaxy: 1 times
astartiel mentions:
  @marline61: 1 times
  @undasea: 1 times
  @Boiarski: 1 times
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
  @alotuspoetry: 1 times
  @Rowdyeh: 1 times
alljenny mentions:
  @greensfirst: 1 times
dal3y_aka_dhnyc mentions:
  @austinprime: 1 times
  @magicmattyo: 1 times
  @lauraashley: 1 times
  @djremedy8: 1 times
  @gregular: 1 times
moverjason mentions:
  @chrismoody: 1 times
  @catoinstitute: 1 times
  @dwightkschrute: 1 times
  @boteleprompter: 1 times
  @theonion: 1 times
  @f1r3f1ght3r: 1 times
  @scottsigler: 1 times
debiff mentions:
  @dreamofitaly: 1 times
  @fescar: 1 times
  @debiff: 1 times
lukemarsden mentions:
  @mikeyhughesbb9: 1 times
  @TweeterWall: 1 times
  @whitehouse: 1 times
c0l0c mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
rileysue mentions:
  @jpsnomad: 1 times
  @stickyfan: 1 times
onlyxaxmemory mentions:
minei33 mentions:
  @jtecnologia: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
tremendousnews mentions:
  @HelenaOhh: 1 times
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
semeiranembeira mentions:
missanneelk mentions:
  @omgitsemilyward: 1 times
  @Glinner: 1 times
  @montand: 1 times
  @amruth92: 1 times
  @adamtandy: 1 times
  @AndyCSP: 1 times
  @birbigs: 1 times
  @joannascanlan: 1 times
  @mjtbaum: 1 times
  @RebeccaFront: 1 times
  @nmyers89: 1 times
merol_master mentions:
  @amiguiz: 1 times
  @chilangelina: 1 times
  @Orocha: 1 times
  @arturogarrido: 1 times
  @gatafama: 1 times
  @ginsuap: 1 times
  @johnletouch: 1 times
ricaird mentions:
  @PJ: 1 times
  @briankelly: 1 times
  @Philbradley: 1 times
delicioushair mentions:
  @StacyBurke: 1 times
hudsonhometeam mentions:
  @DianaKrall: 1 times
moxiepaws mentions:
  @LouPeb: 1 times
  @mintlipgloss: 1 times
  @BostieTweets: 1 times
  @rockytheboston: 1 times
  @PeanieWeenie: 1 times
  @ApolloFrenchie: 1 times
  @Buddythereddog: 1 times
  @Obamadog: 1 times
mamamusica mentions:
  @circa95: 1 times
  @MidiLight: 1 times
  @MartySchwartz: 1 times
  @mamamusica: 1 times
  @openzine: 1 times
govsites mentions:
  @IDAHOgov: 1 times
jeff_mann mentions:
  @toddschnick: 1 times
trasie mentions:
  @djkelly: 1 times
  @glenkrueger: 1 times
  @Halcohol: 1 times
  @danpagan: 1 times
  @nenshi: 1 times
  @civiccampyyc: 1 times
  @CalgaryCowbell: 1 times
  @magrnt: 1 times
  @grant: 1 times
  @Rotated: 1 times
brianne1017 mentions:
  @toddzer1: 1 times
  @dswim: 1 times
  @liztigelaar: 1 times
  @carolinedries: 1 times
  @capricecrane: 1 times
msangel12 mentions:
  @nicekicks: 1 times
eyesrbrnforever mentions:
  @rileygyrisix: 1 times
  @AngelOnEarth: 1 times
scasas mentions:
  @semruido: 1 times
  @radarsocial: 1 times
  @lucones: 1 times
  @longaromaria: 1 times
  @guiier: 1 times
  @anagouvea: 1 times
  @scasas: 1 times
  @minicontos: 1 times
mollyinfolode mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 2 times
  @gcn1: 1 times
senormuchomaas mentions:
  @matadorrecords: 1 times
alice__gray mentions:
  @George9Writer: 1 times
xstex mentions:
  @LacesOutDan: 1 times
  @mcjerk: 1 times
shelleyrae mentions:
  @TadahMom: 1 times
  @ParentalRights: 1 times
jlmontanola mentions:
  @jtecnologia: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
untadvertising mentions:
  @JustMario: 1 times
  @katevenable: 1 times
  @SkylerWaychoff: 1 times
  @JonathanForHire: 1 times
  @SERENA: 1 times
  @kylebradbury: 1 times
addictedtotext mentions:
  @IncubatorPDX: 1 times
  @drunkenrampage: 1 times
kellyfoy mentions:
  @GreenAV: 1 times
  @EliteMeetings: 1 times
govtwit mentions:
  @lesliemack: 1 times
  @GovTwit: 1 times
  @BillWarner: 1 times
  @katriord: 1 times
  @Winston80: 1 times
  @nader2009: 1 times
  @CherylHarrison: 1 times
chubas mentions:
  @Imaginaxion: 1 times
  @abitonix: 1 times
  @trumesand: 1 times
jvtwillie mentions:
  @willieljackson: 1 times
aurihunter mentions:
  @PINKSUGARATL: 1 times
  @aurihunter: 1 times
  @Vodkastr8: 1 times
  @THICKDECADENCE: 1 times
  @quianebony: 1 times
  @MsTam: 1 times
  @Ch0k0lateBARBIE: 1 times
  @demarcus30: 1 times
  @Ladymojo: 1 times
jamesnsien2 mentions:
  @GoalsCoach: 1 times
  @ReginaldReglus: 1 times
  @JamesNsien2: 1 times
  @LanceScoular: 1 times
bridgettehayes mentions:
  @PsychicSophie: 1 times
vic773 mentions:
diecutsrus mentions:
  @ellbows: 1 times
  @trendycards: 1 times
  @carascrapnstamp: 1 times
  @lilblueboo: 1 times
welt_lifestyle mentions:
  @kamper: 1 times
  @loudcrowd: 1 times
  @Twittad: 1 times
  @mmoverload: 1 times
  @rlcenter: 1 times
  @hotforwords: 1 times
jeangranger mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
blustraggler mentions:
  @JustLiveOnline: 1 times
  @shawnjsce702: 1 times
  @EllisOne: 1 times
  @claw4: 1 times
ll_thatch mentions:
  @nikegoal: 1 times
shannon_blalock mentions:
  @itsdren: 1 times
lcheromiah mentions:
  @lucerotk: 1 times
  @blumusic: 1 times
greattwittips mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
carlosemilio mentions:
  @eneasneto: 1 times
  @aulete: 1 times
susanchicago mentions:
  @amcas: 1 times
  @BobbyLongNews: 1 times
  @FakerParis: 1 times
  @JennyJerkface: 1 times
  @TwiCrackAddict: 1 times
  @aliceinnyc: 1 times
mattdowding mentions:
  @eaapoc: 1 times
  @bcpt: 1 times
ohhmyonlinenet mentions:
  @bkGirlFriday: 1 times
  @shaggylive: 1 times
  @q103: 1 times
ime_gzz mentions:
  @vmarquez: 1 times
  @xbaez: 1 times
  @solsupernova: 1 times
  @nelisalr: 1 times
  @weymaster: 1 times
  @miguelrdz: 1 times
  @rreyes65: 1 times
  @justmad: 1 times
barij mentions:
  @bluenickel5: 1 times
jithesh_e_j mentions:
  @t3rmin4t0r: 1 times
  @taranfx: 1 times
  @JackFranklin: 1 times
empowerradio mentions:
  @Bonniestwit: 1 times
  @DawnAbraham: 1 times
  @resilientlife: 1 times
  @Minervity: 1 times
  @DrJeffersnBoggs: 1 times
  @diggboard: 1 times
  @donnette: 1 times
  @lifecoachrita: 1 times
  @stayinpositive: 1 times
norcalwine mentions:
  @danecellars: 1 times
  @jdbuerger: 1 times
  @WineryCollectiv: 1 times
  @NatalieRose24: 1 times
  @CBCwinery: 1 times
jokerandnachos mentions:
  @kristenwilson: 1 times
  @APMemphis: 1 times
  @bscation: 1 times
  @katiahrt: 1 times
  @SweetNeshie: 1 times
  @tmeaster9261: 1 times
  @LaBellaKim: 1 times
  @ashleyraye: 1 times
maryfkacrazy mentions:
  @RCAMusic: 1 times
  @CHRISdaughtry: 1 times
danmcneil888 mentions:
  @FionaJMackenzie: 1 times
  @LizUK: 1 times
  @Danacea: 1 times
  @AndreaGillies: 1 times
  @gibbzer: 1 times
  @kazdreamer: 1 times
  @Brendacopeland: 1 times
  @: 1 times
paul_forcey mentions:
  @RicRaftis: 1 times
lanas_photo mentions:
  @MelanieWCI: 1 times
  @JonathanJRoss: 1 times
bigjerm80 mentions:
  @detroitccw: 1 times
  @shadrack2002: 1 times
econokels mentions:
  @econokels: 1 times
  @techiekel: 1 times
getinlineca mentions:
  @RealizedWorth: 1 times
  @KarimKanji: 1 times
  @lrobertsglobal: 1 times
  @KimberleyCanada: 1 times
  @casiestewart: 1 times
bjdy3r mentions:
  @GetItWrite: 1 times
  @Bouqu3ts: 1 times
  @sacca: 1 times
  @ebengston: 1 times
teamsoteria mentions:
jessirosa mentions:
  @edurodrigues: 1 times
  @BellaRBr: 1 times
  @lucasbb: 1 times
  @Gaahh: 1 times
  @dihlicia: 1 times
  @pablocapeccine: 1 times
  @juuuhss: 1 times
  @Gheann: 1 times
ringwerm mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
energyskulls mentions:
  @Buffalokid: 1 times
lmack49 mentions:
  @AmericanInkling: 1 times
  @DavidsonGirl: 1 times
  @dorcie: 1 times
  @BlackMagic63: 1 times
  @kat24k: 1 times
  @JimmyC: 1 times
  @vnolamatt: 1 times
  @JennyPennifer: 1 times
  @projectvirginia: 1 times
chuckdizzle78 mentions:
  @perezhilton: 1 times
donnasfineart mentions:
  @AlexKarisfollowfriday: 1 times
  @donnasfineart: 1 times
quetalisso mentions:
  @radfahrer: 1 times
  @ygorneves: 1 times
  @resultson: 1 times
  @alinnemello: 1 times
  @MaCristal: 1 times
  @Treta: 1 times
  @GFortes: 1 times
  @fseixas: 1 times
  @gafanhoto: 1 times
  @hsmglobal: 1 times
billfishkin mentions:
  @lasvegassign: 1 times
  @loftshollywoodV: 1 times
  @dwellatvue: 1 times
safety_security mentions:
bjhenry mentions:
  @seamusandmaggie: 1 times
  @Leprakans: 1 times
  @themommytsunami: 1 times
socialbees mentions:
  @AdamSinger: 1 times
  @fredwilson: 1 times
  @TEDchris: 1 times
irealestategirl mentions:
  @BobSchaller: 1 times
  @boduwewe: 1 times
  @ErleWalli: 1 times
  @iRealEstateGirl: 1 times
derekeb mentions:
  @nuggetisland: 1 times
  @grahamdbrown: 1 times
  @dholifield: 1 times
  @ypulse: 1 times
  @targetingkids: 1 times
  @bradleywill: 1 times
  @sydneyeve: 1 times
  @timbuckteeth: 1 times
  @melinterfuel: 1 times
commonsenserev mentions:
  @beartanron: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @ARC4L: 1 times
  @c4liberty: 1 times
1041stormgirl mentions:
  @USArmy: 1 times
gualberi mentions:
  @eaviles: 1 times
thegreenblogger mentions:
  @FortuneC00kie: 1 times
  @ChPR: 1 times
  @alexafrend: 1 times
  @ChArt: 1 times
  @angelarden: 1 times
optiongirl mentions:
  @MikePera: 1 times
  @livestrongray: 1 times
  @vote4parag: 1 times
  @CommishChick: 1 times
  @mikejonesfsp: 1 times
  @westrpw: 1 times
  @Optiongirl: 1 times
  @ErikW89: 1 times
bmcellhiney mentions:
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @learningaffil: 1 times
  @PLRContent: 1 times
  @nicheadvice4u: 1 times
comics4sale mentions:
  @BrandonBurpee: 1 times
  @Batgirlbabs: 1 times
  @BetsyIckes: 1 times
  @AndyBelanger: 1 times
  @MOMBTWEETS: 1 times
  @ComicVine: 1 times
  @ShockWaveNews: 1 times
toysoldier72 mentions:
  @explodedsoda: 1 times
  @fmcortez: 1 times
  @hellocasey: 1 times
  @InnyVinny: 1 times
  @IvyBlue: 1 times
  @islandchick78: 1 times
  @julietrodriguez: 1 times
  @luvcrash: 1 times
  @moniiicaa: 1 times
  @PASSTHATELL: 1 times
trendtracker mentions:
  @TrendTracker: 1 times
  @bnpositive: 1 times
  @DonnaMolinari: 1 times
  @inklesstales: 1 times
  @AnnCollins: 1 times
  @willyf: 1 times
  @dl101: 1 times
annniex mentions:
  @Aliiccee: 1 times
thiteu mentions:
  @jafurtado: 2 times
freeiranpro mentions:
  @jen004: 1 times
ohrohin mentions:
  @npollari: 1 times
  @atlargemagazine: 1 times
motownmutt mentions:
  @DirOfCapeCoral: 1 times
twisted4jordan mentions:
  @LOOKIN4JORDAN: 1 times
  @smackdownhntr: 1 times
amrosario mentions:
  @Acornn: 1 times
kinaze mentions:
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @smallbiztwit: 1 times
  @swiertz: 1 times
  @appldev: 1 times
  @kinaze: 1 times
sandramariecom mentions:
  @SherriEShepherd: 1 times
  @OfficialAlBSure: 1 times
  @TiaMowry: 1 times
  @johnlegend: 1 times
  @EstelleDarlings: 1 times
  @donlemoncnn: 1 times
  @sinbadbad: 1 times
teri0542 mentions:
  @MaraBG: 1 times
  @Silversmyth: 1 times
  @williger: 1 times
  @aliholden: 1 times
  @teri0542: 1 times
  @SimplyJulia: 1 times
  @Ponet: 1 times
mangonocturna mentions:
eliashiebert mentions:
  @yowhatsthehaps: 1 times
kikidavegan mentions:
  @BasicKombucha: 1 times
  @joeldhughes: 1 times
  @dryvetyme: 1 times
  @scurvee: 1 times
  @facetattoos: 1 times
  @indiehouston: 1 times
  @CoffeeGroundz: 1 times
  @elsoba: 1 times
  @kikidavegan: 1 times
willowraine mentions:
  @TaylorBlue: 1 times
jjtweets mentions:
  @TheNewsChick: 1 times
  @moniguzman: 1 times
  @ChuckTaylor: 1 times
  @atPubliCola: 1 times
  @westseattleblog: 1 times
  @jseattle: 1 times
  @seattleweekly: 1 times
xtine_ mentions:
  @UkCatsFan96: 1 times
  @TimP103: 1 times
  @PSMichelle: 1 times
  @MsJuicy313: 1 times
  @morninglory: 1 times
  @tanyalw73: 1 times
  @xjaymarie: 1 times
  @iMuggle: 1 times
  @xtine: 1 times
  @SurfsideE: 1 times
coloradoeyes mentions:
  @earthmom22: 1 times
  @myfengshuilife: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @wipoolplayer: 1 times
  @daisywine: 1 times
  @simplywndrlust: 1 times
  @teapartynews: 1 times
  @lofaye: 1 times
  @reese: 1 times
  @IvanCampuzano: 1 times
gbflipfan mentions:
  @azdbackfan: 1 times
  @BradCColeman: 1 times
  @ElliottSadler: 1 times
  @limey59: 1 times
  @lolnascar: 1 times
  @woodbrothers21: 1 times
marioenrique mentions:
  @angelbc: 1 times
rramirezr mentions:
  @140Conf: 1 times
  @ideabook: 1 times
rlminihan mentions:
  @bearabledeals: 1 times
silverhdnet mentions:
textimps mentions:
  @jnoelle: 1 times
  @menacingpickle: 1 times
chris_swain mentions:
foulpapers mentions:
  @eliselogan: 1 times
  @iwhodareswins: 1 times
  @documentdriven: 1 times
  @jenniholbrook: 1 times
  @cathyyardley: 1 times
  @kristenlambTX: 1 times
beedography mentions:
  @RVAcomedy: 1 times
climbfind mentions:
  @cjedmonston: 1 times
  @kehagiaras: 1 times
  @martinpribble: 1 times
  @pangtastic: 1 times
  @climbing: 1 times
  @nsmonkeygirl: 1 times
  @grimp: 1 times
evesieminski mentions:
  @WineWonkette: 1 times
  @mmWine: 1 times
paulidin mentions:
  @redheadwriting: 1 times
  @reesed: 1 times
  @naomimimi: 1 times
nadirahaniff mentions:
  @ginabella: 1 times
tweetersstore mentions:
  @: 1 times
  @TweetersStore: 1 times
  @hangedman: 1 times
  @twitlearn: 1 times
  @LiaMarrazzo: 1 times
nzafro mentions:
djmikeyswift mentions:
  @bgolbourne: 1 times
  @myvegasscene: 1 times
  @24k: 1 times
  @vegasbill: 1 times
  @ladyanb: 1 times
  @djjeffreythomas: 1 times
  @jhoggie: 1 times
  @djkcray: 1 times
  @DanQuid: 1 times
  @CWaterhouse1: 1 times
  @scumbagstyle: 1 times
cjthewriter mentions:
  @AvasWriterfollowfriday: 1 times
  @CatherineHaines: 1 times
  @Waterstones: 1 times
  @simonschusterUK: 1 times
  @texasmommy77: 1 times
  @LiteraryNobody: 1 times
  @CJtheWriter: 1 times
andeeblakk mentions:
  @riskybeehavior: 1 times
  @whatabarber: 1 times
  @addoffhe: 1 times
  @andeeblakk: 1 times
  @vchat: 1 times
  @rkmiw0rld: 1 times
  @simplicityahh: 1 times
  @thebocks: 1 times
  @desmonddotcom: 1 times
  @livelovelol: 1 times
aloha_aina mentions:
  @jorgesalazar: 1 times
sparklecat mentions:
  @orangecatblues: 1 times
  @HerbieCat: 1 times
  @theodorag: 1 times
  @snowydaze: 1 times
  @SirFreddieElvis: 1 times
  @MrScrubby: 1 times
  @BengalBoys: 1 times
  @thorthecat: 1 times
  @Purr2Dream: 1 times
  @MizzBassie: 1 times
daneks mentions:
  @GermanGirltwit: 1 times
tristanrose mentions:
  @TristanRose: 1 times
  @tabloidterror: 1 times
  @BLAHSODMG: 1 times
  @Sejalahrae: 1 times
  @Contendo: 1 times
  @nathangielis: 1 times
  @jbmonroe31: 1 times
  @tazmaniaaa: 1 times
sdpdx mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
hthrflynn mentions:
  @DerekMassey: 1 times
  @dbholland: 1 times
rimbaum mentions:
juliewolfson mentions:
  @cmeathrell: 1 times
  @powerkeni: 1 times
  @rossalincoln: 1 times
  @christineziemba: 1 times
  @squashblossom: 1 times
  @tincanorange: 1 times
  @andysternberg: 1 times
  @redwell: 1 times
  @timhammer: 1 times
helo_lolo mentions:
  @: 1 times
djfcosmetics mentions:
  @brenda5316: 1 times
  @BlazingLily: 1 times
  @justinvining: 1 times
  @beachchicken: 1 times
  @Darlenedean: 1 times
  @Lunatiger: 1 times
  @seasonedwtime: 1 times
  @djfcosmetics: 1 times
colgur mentions:
  @robsheridan: 1 times
sneakerfiles mentions:
  @weeklydrop: 1 times
  @hepdog: 1 times
  @shoeyork: 1 times
  @stevekluback: 1 times
  @tomsshoes: 1 times
  @purseblog: 1 times
  @candice202: 1 times
  @jimjonescapo: 1 times
  @joeycrackts: 1 times
  @lordsear: 1 times
mynameissky mentions:
  @MyNameIsScarf: 1 times
  @MyNameIsSKY: 1 times
  @yuliakatkova: 1 times
gaudet2 mentions:
  @metalmo: 1 times
  @captianobvious: 1 times
  @jspaz1: 1 times
  @mckmama: 1 times
  @bloggingchick: 1 times
  @michaellegatt: 1 times
  @britty0314: 1 times
  @multiphonics: 1 times
rnaworld mentions:
  @etonbio: 1 times
hireheather mentions:
  @alicam: 1 times
tyni1 mentions:
  @AlanHChin: 1 times
  @abettergaylife: 1 times
  @HouseFloor: 1 times
  @AskAJAnything: 1 times
  @feministe: 1 times
  @thejoshuablog: 1 times
  @womanistmusings: 1 times
  @GrrrlRomeo: 1 times
artwhims mentions:
  @designerpens: 1 times
  @SRBBB: 1 times
  @rleseberg: 1 times
  @DalkullanJewel: 1 times
  @laglassonetsy: 1 times
  @BigBlendMag: 1 times
  @KaseeINTERN: 1 times
hostourcoast mentions:
  @rbbandstand: 1 times
  @VisitSouthDel: 1 times
  @shoresheila: 1 times
  @nicksammons: 1 times
  @tossey: 1 times
  @TouristGal: 1 times
  @TravelEditor: 1 times
  @lonelyplanet: 1 times
  @melanita: 1 times
  @TravelMD: 1 times
viniciusbruno mentions:
  @AndreaMatarazzo: 1 times
  @belenos: 1 times
  @jamilebarbosa: 1 times
  @diegomaia: 1 times
  @dtcnunes: 1 times
  @Delcidio: 1 times
  @DanielaBInsone: 1 times
  @silvioluiz: 1 times
  @joaomamedes: 1 times
  @marelitos: 1 times
cheetahnoir mentions:
  @femxtrendsettah: 2 times
  @addikshun: 1 times
  @CheetahNoir: 1 times
  @mizzchaneya: 1 times
  @Travo617: 1 times
merlebowers mentions:
  @JohnGaltKnows: 1 times
  @merlebowers: 1 times
  @lftcoast: 1 times
  @MarkRMatthews: 1 times
  @annakate22: 1 times
  @libertyrant: 1 times
  @rsisk101: 1 times
  @cybrfoxxx89: 1 times
brightwing mentions:
  @MaryBeth66: 1 times
sethmsparks mentions:
  @ScottATaylor: 1 times
xogxgunnz mentions:
  @akapeaches: 1 times
  @neet036: 1 times
  @ogkingfur: 1 times
  @frankibabi414: 1 times
vincefadyen mentions:
  @evzi: 1 times
  @Gurlstrange: 1 times
  @aureliom: 1 times
thesnipermonkey mentions:
  @misterperturbed: 1 times
  @blahpro: 1 times
  @timoriley: 1 times
  @mpoppel: 1 times
  @GeekPornGirl: 1 times
  @qikipedia: 1 times
  @hardlynormal: 1 times
  @kdbdallas: 1 times
sam101 mentions:
  @sam101: 1 times
  @sma26: 1 times
  @danielryder1: 1 times
  @boruttany: 1 times
val769 mentions:
  @nitalopez: 1 times
  @baustin: 1 times
  @lynnmosher: 1 times
  @TOMMiWiLL: 1 times
  @iGrace: 1 times
  @luigy0016: 1 times
katjrobertson mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
doctorandree mentions:
chinaficonado mentions:
  @dda: 1 times
  @minimum12: 1 times
  @blcsfo: 1 times
  @jennybai: 1 times
  @sioksiok: 1 times
  @teachang: 1 times
sdkstl mentions:
  @JBFlint: 1 times
  @claireatki: 1 times
  @sdkstl: 1 times
  @paigea: 1 times
  @mandystadt: 1 times
  @janefader: 1 times
emurphy42 mentions:
  @8bitweapon: 1 times
sdpriceless mentions:
  @MartyWilliamson: 1 times
  @DoctorExclusive: 1 times
  @prankster163: 1 times
  @indieradiochatt: 1 times
  @SdPriceless: 1 times
drayburn mentions:
  @TerilynnS: 1 times
  @breakingnews: 1 times
memaloose mentions:
  @Tedzfarm: 1 times
  @Memaloose: 1 times
alexa754 mentions:
  @MysticSanctuary: 1 times
talprince mentions:
  @churchbartender: 1 times
  @wcsideshow: 1 times
  @mbstockdale: 1 times
  @JonMcIntosh: 1 times
  @dmcwatters: 1 times
  @mknisely: 1 times
  @mxbx: 1 times
  @donnypauling: 1 times
lizrosas mentions:
  @craignewmark: 1 times
  @govloop: 1 times
  @NatePagel: 1 times
  @PinkMartiniNews: 1 times
daethian mentions:
  @dogjustice: 1 times
  @trinixia: 1 times
  @ariq: 1 times
  @RobinMWood: 1 times
  @ChiaGuevara: 1 times
  @NoYoureATowel: 1 times
tomtravel2 mentions:
  @goplanit: 1 times
trina_willard mentions:
  @jcchancellor: 2 times
michebel mentions:
  @CherylAntier: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @AmeliaBook: 1 times
  @bobtiki: 1 times
  @TechnoMonk: 1 times
  @JasonJarrett: 1 times
  @guitarmantoo: 1 times
  @lrivers: 1 times
  @rockyaburton: 1 times
  @SeanJoyner: 1 times
jc_ny mentions:
  @MontgomeryLee: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
  @sockington: 1 times
ereill mentions:
  @CherriLala: 2 times
  @BedroomBuddies: 1 times
  @DrDinaSadik: 1 times
  @weizenbaum: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @AlexasAngels: 1 times
  @EReill: 1 times
  @Eran: 1 times
ny2no mentions:
  @Harlemnow: 1 times
  @Idealistnews: 1 times
  @snpo: 1 times
  @TheFleaTheater: 1 times
  @NY2NO: 1 times
  @CUArts: 1 times
barcampccs mentions:
  @JoseManuelR: 1 times
boyd66 mentions:
  @MailOurMilitary: 1 times
  @NavyMemorial: 1 times
  @dustmans: 1 times
  @JettPalmer: 1 times
  @steeljawscribe: 1 times
  @kmadams85: 1 times
  @chapomatic: 1 times
hostelcolonial mentions:
  @RAMMSES: 1 times
  @HostelColonial: 1 times
heroinesheik mentions:
  @slipfinger: 1 times
nonasmanis mentions:
  @KrisAllen4Real: 1 times
  @dannygokey: 1 times
  @therealglambert: 1 times
  @AnoopDoggDesai: 1 times
  @MGiraudOfficial: 1 times
wanyax mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
mikeszudarek mentions:
  @BMFitness: 1 times
carltonf mentions:
  @WendiMooreAgncy: 1 times
francescacorner mentions:
1briannettles mentions:
  @gmtomko: 1 times
  @JohnFMoore: 1 times
  @PeterJThomas: 1 times
  @RichWalsh: 1 times
  @mtabini: 1 times
  @1briannettles: 1 times
  @JonATurk: 1 times
werdup mentions:
  @LadyDi: 1 times
  @feeline: 2 times
  @Kalediscope: 1 times
  @BlackNerdsUnite: 1 times
brianisawesome mentions:
  @tearose: 1 times
  @mikeymcfly: 1 times
theinnermarykay mentions:
  @KathyHadley: 1 times
  @docmurdock: 1 times
aaronandsanya mentions:
  @MKRob: 1 times
stuartweber mentions:
  @PianoGeek: 1 times
  @DoreenatDMS: 1 times
  @Glambr: 1 times
  @tlabarge: 1 times
glimmering_star mentions:
  @AroOfTheVolturi: 1 times
  @QueenAthenodora: 1 times
  @Celticgirl1913: 1 times
  @KingCaius: 1 times
  @CorinVolturi: 1 times
  @DemetriTracker: 1 times
  @FelixVolturi: 1 times
  @HeleneVolturi: 1 times
superdad_08 mentions:
  @Silversmyth: 1 times
  @SuperDad08: 1 times
peter_adams mentions:
  @trivntravelgal: 1 times
commercialmls mentions:
  @WABrokers: 1 times
  @commercialmls: 1 times
  @buyrestaurants: 1 times
  @cobrokers: 1 times
  @nvbrokers: 1 times
  @hibrokers: 1 times
  @rebrokers: 1 times
  @txbrokers: 1 times
  @nmbrokers: 1 times
lala0000 mentions:
  @BengeeB: 1 times
wowbroadcasting mentions:
  @marksvoice@tezzer57: 1 times
  @DavieMason: 1 times
  @GoldenWayMedia: 1 times
  @Janners86: 1 times
  @KasemSuleiman: 1 times
  @RickGriffin: 1 times
  @rtCubs: 1 times
sojourner5 mentions:
  @soundsblue: 1 times
  @tnhuckaby: 1 times
  @AliveInMe: 1 times
  @buffalopine: 1 times
  @rohgraham1: 1 times
  @carece: 1 times
  @helentaustin: 1 times
  @pbadstibner: 1 times
  @Aliquant: 1 times
littlecheetah47 mentions:
  @RickHoward: 1 times
  @Sugarlandmusic: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @algore: 1 times
  @kaym40: 1 times
  @dofan: 1 times
  @LouisianaGurl: 1 times
  @jaquipop: 1 times
  @Blanka245: 1 times
won_ton_soup mentions:
  @SethClearwater: 1 times
  @SueClearwater: 1 times
  @SeattleWillow: 1 times
  @SouthernCassian: 1 times
  @SweetCharlotte: 1 times
  @diabladelsur: 1 times
  @PeterDevereaux: 1 times
apalancando mentions:
  @JoseManuelR: 1 times
bug_bear mentions:
  @shrdlu: 1 times
allapparel mentions:
  @FREEIRANpro: 1 times
  @Paceset9999: 1 times
  @info4every1: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @Starii: 1 times
  @RichardZoller: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @RickGonz: 1 times
  @ExRea: 1 times
blackunlimited mentions:
  @DCBuppie: 1 times
munkymunch mentions:
  @ps3daily: 1 times
aayatali mentions:
  @mcflytotheusa: 1 times
  @aliciiajonesjk: 1 times
  @breezers: 1 times
  @marzabeth: 1 times
heidiheartshugs mentions:
  @YellowandBlack: 1 times
amazing_grace13 mentions:
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
itsajaimething mentions:
  @margaritabloom: 1 times
itsdjmachine mentions:
  @techchat: 1 times
dorisfm mentions:
  @katalink: 1 times
alyandrea mentions:
  @shawnavercher: 1 times
eduso mentions:
  @rbk24: 1 times
morkuma mentions:
  @morkuma: 1 times
  @heavenztrash: 1 times
jenlea84 mentions:
  @futuredirected: 1 times
  @jenlea84: 1 times
nhsanantonio mentions:
  @NHCisco: 1 times
smartyamy mentions:
  @Socialbees: 1 times
  @entreprenettes: 1 times
  @smartyamy: 1 times
  @SAuerswald: 1 times
  @fionastiles: 1 times
  @EvangelistaLA: 1 times
  @SaharaDamore: 1 times
alfrededmondjr mentions:
  @eventimpossible: 1 times
bigplrbear mentions:
  @bgfilly: 1 times
  @kiffar: 1 times
  @sakuratears19: 1 times
  @baltakatei: 1 times
  @kittysanchez: 1 times
  @theanimenetwork: 1 times
  @kurosakigirl15: 1 times
  @rambn: 1 times
  @kevinrj: 1 times
  @eljabon: 1 times
wendell_howe mentions:
  @furyume: 1 times
  @sanewolf: 1 times
  @jcimpellizzeri: 1 times
  @simonscotland: 1 times
  @AKathBilsky: 1 times
frostillicus123 mentions:
  @StukNPairuhDice: 1 times
eduardonasi mentions:
  @livbrandao: 1 times
  @mauriciodesousa: 1 times
xodedexo18 mentions:
  @kerrikrueger: 1 times
  @mrsgriff0610: 1 times
  @Jeremypsgirl: 1 times
  @ChrisBaccam: 1 times
  @MattMarenic: 1 times
  @PaulKehler: 1 times
naath182 mentions:
  @PedroHCoutinho: 1 times
  @cangatux: 1 times
  @Annamadrid: 1 times
  @bah182: 1 times
  @markhoppus: 1 times
  @whitewine: 1 times
  @trvsbrkr: 1 times
naointendo mentions:
  @Trocistas: 1 times
justinkeyes mentions:
  @PedanticBohemia: 1 times
  @DieCer: 1 times
  @ModelMelissa: 1 times
_branquinha_ mentions:
  @Luccifi: 1 times
rosyblue mentions:
  @DevotionL: 1 times
beauty_lauren_m mentions:
  @KachirisJosh: 1 times
  @Kachiri: 1 times
  @AmazonianSenna: 1 times
  @Nahuel: 1 times
  @knowingeleazar: 1 times
  @xxGarrettxx: 1 times
  @katedenali: 1 times
  @tanyadenali: 1 times
lorieahuston mentions:
  @ChicagoToysTV: 1 times
  @SuburbanFarmer: 1 times
  @AngEngland: 1 times
  @Suite101news: 1 times
  @gacockerham: 1 times
  @Funtourguru: 1 times
canadagiveaways mentions:
  @shopaholicmama: 1 times
carqueenbee9 mentions:
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @SKSofCalifornia: 1 times
  @Dougpmd: 1 times
  @AmericanWomannn: 1 times
  @personified: 1 times
  @EmailCopywriter: 1 times
  @joelcomm: 1 times
  @TwittPro: 1 times
gonzocoyote mentions:
  @cinemablend: 1 times
  @elguapo1: 1 times
  @headgeek666: 1 times
  @devincf: 1 times
  @rejects: 1 times
  @MiramaxFilms: 1 times
  @yahoomovies: 1 times
  @TheRealBasterds: 1 times
  @Massawyrm: 1 times
  @mrbeaks: 1 times
ms_austen mentions:
  @MonthlyManner: 1 times
johnealrouse mentions:
  @jonathanbudd: 1 times
  @RosinaWilson: 1 times
  @EirikRingstad: 1 times
  @StevenDownward: 1 times
  @kristin879: 1 times
  @JoeEmmet: 1 times
  @mfeil: 1 times
designblues mentions:
  @cerichards21: 1 times
  @ninjabetic: 1 times
  @colcalli: 1 times
  @JoyofDiabetes: 1 times
  @LivinDiabetes@readtoday: 1 times
admesser24 mentions:
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
babyharoldk mentions:
  @ersle: 1 times
  @PeachiePoodle: 1 times
  @SidTheCatahoula: 1 times
gotocoach mentions:
  @struton: 1 times
  @zentrepreneurs: 1 times
  @garyvee: 1 times
  @cornnebegg: 1 times
  @MamaRed: 1 times
  @CarlaYoung: 1 times
  @coachveronica: 1 times
  @mediastarr: 1 times
  @tysoncrosbie: 1 times
  @LMHdesign: 1 times
teribeari702 mentions:
  @MyVegasScene: 1 times
  @IAMCHRISFISH: 1 times
  @westcoastvegas: 1 times
  @CaliVegas: 1 times
  @Teribeari702: 1 times
  @VegasBill: 1 times
  @hardnox: 1 times
  @PureLasVegas: 1 times
  @vegastweets: 1 times
killerguitar mentions:
  @siremusicgroup: 1 times
  @LGin: 1 times
  @neilevans: 1 times
  @DiMarzioInc: 1 times
  @Peterpanohno: 1 times
  @CHRISVOSS: 1 times
michaltothag mentions:
  @loveashlay: 1 times
  @daeone: 1 times
  @WesleyJonathan: 1 times
  @ZacharyQuinto: 1 times
  @peterfacinelli: 1 times
  @newmoonmovie: 1 times
  @KellyRowland: 1 times
thatoneyoyoguy mentions:
  @lakerschik: 1 times
wrenaissance mentions:
  @DawnFine: 1 times
rfox58 mentions:
  @ivybean104: 1 times
forensichokie mentions:
  @katehavnevik: 1 times
joewhitmarsh mentions:
  @Ronnie04: 1 times
  @KennyKnight: 1 times
  @aolradio@Stwo: 1 times
  @JMercPhoto: 1 times
fromduval mentions:
  @NewmeOo: 1 times
  @fromduval: 1 times
shadowmaat mentions:
  @mishacollins: 1 times
  @guyveravi: 1 times
  @TheOnion: 1 times
freedomempowers mentions:
  @esoterismo: 1 times
vickihinze mentions:
  @thrillerchickFollowFriday: 1 times
  @jeffabbott: 1 times
  @joefinder: 1 times
  @sarahw: 1 times
  @aletheakontis: 1 times
  @ericaspindler: 1 times
  @davewhite: 1 times
  @KFZuzulo: 1 times
  @vickihinze: 1 times
daphneleigh mentions:
  @josullivan: 1 times
shesaidzed mentions:
  @pacerfan: 1 times
  @grimyeti: 1 times
  @shawncook: 1 times
  @agriwoman: 1 times
  @itseizeyou: 1 times
  @Nenstiel: 1 times
pr3ttyvacant mentions:
  @MichaelJackson: 1 times
  @FarrahFawcett: 1 times
  @EdMcMahon: 1 times
  @TheFakeJeffGoldblum: 1 times
renataborges mentions:
  @brumoretti: 1 times
  @feleite27: 1 times
  @Rafaelfc: 1 times
  @kamilacampos: 1 times
  @Juninhu: 1 times
  @silvianasci: 1 times
  @alicerodrigues: 1 times
  @LuanBorges: 1 times
  @carolteles: 1 times
  @Cupidwitter: 1 times
npsvipnetwork mentions:
  @govsites: 1 times
  @NatlParkService: 1 times
rom mentions:
  @sabbypar: 1 times
  @rcdiugun: 1 times
  @jsuplido: 1 times
  @majill: 1 times
  @npf007: 1 times
  @felina: 1 times
  @w: 1 times
etsydeals mentions:
  @tuckshop: 1 times
  @nanlawson: 1 times
  @merri3750: 1 times
  @casgal: 1 times
  @brenda5316: 1 times
  @greenerica: 1 times
zapata131 mentions:
  @Zapata10011: 1 times
  @Perliux: 1 times
  @priscilliana: 1 times
  @zuxiranae: 1 times
  @zapata131: 1 times
bryanfischer mentions:
  @CurtJester: 1 times
peacechick333 mentions:
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
pornsaints mentions:
  @persiankiwi: 1 times
  @mrwilliam: 1 times
  @eddieguy: 1 times
  @AvaRosexxx: 1 times
  @slutmomo: 1 times
  @auniakahn: 1 times
  @DarlaCrane: 1 times
  @stoya: 1 times
debbaker1 mentions:
  @sweeneycatwrite: 1 times
docmartins mentions:
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @AlyssaMilano: 1 times
mommaude mentions:
  @Sassieness09: 1 times
  @rachelhills: 1 times
  @mjh81: 1 times
  @DayDreamer3: 1 times
spirit20 mentions:
tinitaduarte mentions:
  @nunonsantos: 1 times
celisatlantista mentions:
  @ajamaica@davidmendoza@headbangirlmx@laquesefue: 1 times
  @Lohar: 1 times
  @Natsukigamer: 1 times
  @adanvecindad: 1 times
  @manchita: 1 times
  @ghrocks: 1 times
  @JoShUa007: 1 times
jcinqc mentions:
  @goproud: 1 times
  @colocelt: 1 times
  @chrisbarrondc: 1 times
  @jimmylasalvia: 1 times
  @gabrielmalor: 1 times
  @kyleraccio: 1 times
  @dcbrent: 1 times
thecx mentions:
  @karlheinz: 1 times
sourapplemedia mentions:
  @pixeljockey: 1 times
  @betterinpink: 1 times
nurseohla mentions:
  @avitable: 1 times
  @ryanaconklin: 1 times
  @augusten: 1 times
26olivestreet mentions:
  @thaloporter: 1 times
brewer_girl mentions:
  @BeerFoxTM: 1 times
  @ilovecraftbeer: 1 times
  @tyranena: 1 times
  @TheBeerWench: 1 times
  @beermollyFollowFriday: 1 times
vgchefyoliouiya mentions:
  @MarieLancup: 1 times
  @bananabreadnut: 1 times
  @vgchefYoliOuiya: 1 times
wookieechew mentions:
  @Dreamer71: 1 times
  @enmcintosh: 1 times
  @jfreakhideout: 1 times
  @NateEdmondson: 1 times
  @newreleasetue: 1 times
  @mattmccoy: 1 times
readtoday mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @KarieCouture: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
yoyocanary mentions:
  @wspa: 1 times
  @Aspca: 1 times
  @WWFClimate: 1 times
  @HSIGlobal: 1 times
  @ScarsAlberta: 1 times
  @wspauk: 1 times
  @wspausa: 1 times
aj_wood mentions:
yourdailycute mentions:
  @MonkeyCat: 1 times
  @quadpawd: 1 times
  @BrewskieButt: 1 times
  @LouPeb: 1 times
  @JimniKricket: 1 times
  @PetParentAuthor: 1 times
  @09Casper: 1 times
  @Pastathecat: 1 times
  @BabyPatches: 1 times
  @Kat5Rescue: 1 times
chrisbydemand mentions:
  @dreday305: 1 times
noc_nurse mentions:
  @ChiNurse: 1 times
  @justanERnurse: 1 times
  @AmJNurs: 1 times
sazeroo mentions:
  @pjtaylorphoto: 1 times
lizzierz mentions:
  @merddln333: 1 times
  @BrandonJD: 1 times
  @PhoinixArt: 1 times
esselleblaize mentions:
  @number1producer: 2 times
  @scottchris: 1 times
  @arovilla: 1 times
  @EsselleBlaize: 1 times
  @therealtrinese: 1 times
  @CUZOLINI: 1 times
lynnmosher mentions:
  @MargieThiel: 1 times
  @DarlaKim: 1 times
conorreid mentions:
  @GigglePieHappy: 1 times
booklover28212 mentions:
  @Fangirl89: 1 times
tylorlmatt mentions:
  @littlecheetah47: 1 times
  @TayLaurMatt: 1 times
  @LaurenRose26: 1 times
  @roxy112: 1 times
  @leRoystamps: 1 times
uncletreypound mentions:
  @xmelaniex7: 1 times
laurie_pringle mentions:
  @liamcrotty: 1 times
  @notomorrow: 1 times
  @SharonDV: 1 times
  @Prize4Life: 1 times
  @smfarr: 1 times
  @SusanTurnerTex: 1 times
  @canadahelps: 1 times
  @GiftEase: 1 times
  @moeturner: 1 times
  @ALSNB: 1 times
  @RachealMc: 1 times
galled mentions:
  @lavendano: 1 times
  @galled: 1 times
cwrite101 mentions:
  @xmelaniex7: 1 times
  @Trish1981: 1 times
  @KoreanCelt: 1 times
girlswithgoals mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @nichnasowa: 1 times
  @billyjackson: 1 times
  @lizacosta: 1 times
  @FunkeyFlashBack: 1 times
  @easthawaiiarts: 1 times
  @GilPizano: 1 times
  @imacsweb: 1 times
jessijaejoplin mentions:
  @jarnoldisnotemo: 1 times
  @JessiJaeJoplin: 1 times
ownedbyozzy mentions:
  @4closureFelines: 1 times
  @PetMD: 1 times
  @crittersize: 1 times
  @DameElizabeth: 1 times
dlueking mentions:
  @dcdecker: 1 times
  @Henriettahughes: 1 times
  @msbeeee: 1 times
  @joerobertson: 1 times
  @bbbrksdm: 1 times
  @1cor1613: 1 times
  @mamacapps: 1 times
  @wetoldyouso: 1 times
  @LiberT: 1 times
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
sadekhm mentions:
  @ComebackCoach: 1 times
  @codegenie: 1 times
  @jessicacolon: 1 times
  @sadekhm: 1 times
  @KPeezy: 1 times
  @roberthay: 1 times
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @buysellads: 1 times
  @bearbob: 1 times
  @lauraduhaime: 1 times
collagen mentions:
  @CharlesGraham: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @SubZeroLA: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
  @ecoyogawear: 1 times
stephendyrgas mentions:
  @BachRow: 1 times
  @knuckleduster13: 1 times
  @tanyalees: 1 times
  @stephendyrgas: 1 times
  @Dangercfox: 1 times
waoliver mentions:
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @jeffflowers: 1 times
  @talprince: 1 times
  @Dougrea: 1 times
  @chobbs9: 1 times
  @GarBear3: 1 times
  @garysheppard: 1 times
  @mderekjacks: 1 times
  @tedegly: 1 times
  @gnixon: 1 times
organicdude mentions:
  @OrganicGardenAZ: 1 times
  @hiporganicmama: 1 times
  @TheOrganicDish: 1 times
  @organicvalley: 1 times
  @OrganicSue: 1 times
loismarketing mentions:
  @LarryBenet: 1 times
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @TomMartin: 1 times
  @drsalzmann: 1 times
  @chrisbrogan: 1 times
  @ErikJHeels: 1 times
sbsdogtraining mentions:
  @workthatdog: 1 times
mrsbsd mentions:
  @SmartWeddingBiz: 1 times
eatmoreheat mentions:
  @FreshNEasyBuzz: 1 times
zackrabbit mentions:
  @Grandma2422: 1 times
pobutler mentions:
  @Lissarankin: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
kelleygrisham mentions:
  @Delicioushair: 1 times
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @ADgination: 1 times
  @mgmli: 1 times
  @Soonermagic11: 1 times
  @BleuMuze: 1 times
  @reinhardtgallow: 1 times
  @DNugent: 1 times
  @Vigilo: 1 times
creativeams mentions:
  @recyclersREALM: 1 times
juan_slater mentions:
  @LadyShyluv: 1 times
  @HomelessRights: 1 times
  @Incwell: 1 times
  @LaidBackSuav: 1 times
  @lourdezzz: 1 times
  @mziah: 1 times
  @slumstoschool: 1 times
  @nuzesmo: 1 times
  @Refugees: 1 times
oc2009sanfran mentions:
  @coachkiki: 1 times
  @meducate: 1 times
  @OncologyTimes: 1 times
  @djsampson: 1 times
  @ohsuaya: 1 times
  @PTSDConference: 1 times
  @jenntex: 1 times
  @drsteventucker: 1 times
  @PhysRelations: 1 times
almightyj mentions:
  @SeanEyman: 1 times
  @topleveldesign: 1 times
lovableboss mentions:
  @Holly59: 1 times
  @lilyofoz: 1 times
freedomfactory mentions:
  @RobMcNealy: 1 times
  @CatoInstitute: 1 times
  @DanTanner: 1 times
  @maggiemae656: 1 times
  @jerell: 1 times
  @ChadTEverson: 1 times
  @sheeplescareme: 1 times
  @vanguardist: 1 times
  @ColtAbles: 1 times
  @cyndeZu: 1 times
graciedoyle mentions:
  @tastebud1: 1 times
  @CabernetLvr: 1 times
  @ErinDrinksWine: 1 times
  @chrisnishiwaki: 1 times
  @graciedoyle: 1 times
dailyactivist mentions:
  @IPPNW: 1 times
  @NPCA: 1 times
  @ChildDefender: 1 times
  @MarkFiore: 1 times
  @AFSCME: 1 times
edgarjf mentions:
  @NuttyNewswire: 1 times
  @lsattrnix: 1 times
  @ChalkBored: 1 times
  @WendyMJones07: 1 times
  @chiianna: 1 times
  @Bloss90: 1 times
  @cartanautica: 1 times
  @edgarjf: 1 times
  @LizAmason: 1 times
  @EMILIOOOOOO: 1 times
lotusamy mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @kendrathornbury: 1 times
tekee mentions:
  @xmelaniex7: 1 times
  @Tekee: 1 times
  @teresadffollowfriday: 1 times
lovlesmile mentions:
  @12ManyTweets: 1 times
wxchase mentions:
  @GlyndaFox: 2 times
  @weatherzine: 1 times
  @michaelgphelps: 1 times
  @JimCantore: 1 times
  @the33wxteam: 1 times
  @Multiverseone: 1 times
  @AlanRainey: 1 times
  @nicolenowlen: 1 times
ruhanirabin mentions:
  @aug1698: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @josephranseth: 1 times
pavarini mentions:
  @miguelsimek: 1 times
  @dideep: 1 times
robinanderson mentions:
  @furyume: 1 times
  @TerranceCharles: 1 times
  @yogaweb: 1 times
  @Isagra: 1 times
  @JeremyCShipp: 1 times
  @TreeBanker: 1 times
louisekforman mentions:
  @therealGlambert: 1 times
  @robsforman: 1 times
  @collectivesoul: 1 times
  @michellebranch: 1 times
  @ThisIsRobThomas: 1 times
  @JeffreyDonovan: 1 times
mikeseverson mentions:
  @SpenceSmith: 1 times
  @compassion: 1 times
electrolemon mentions:
  @brianszabelski: 2 times
  @aedavis: 1 times
  @RioMcCarthy: 1 times
  @DtoidGrim: 1 times
  @ConradZimmerman: 1 times
  @chrisfurniss: 1 times
  @Tomopop: 1 times
  @wardrox: 1 times
21cwr mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 2 times
  @NextwaveRay: 1 times
  @RnRyorkiemom: 1 times
  @KarieCouture: 1 times
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @LorenaHeletea: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
alapoet mentions:
  @naresh: 1 times
  @HoSpirit: 1 times
  @Spinelli666: 1 times
  @GorillaMonk: 1 times
  @GottaLaff: 1 times
  @absolutelytrue: 1 times
  @msaleem: 1 times
  @PoisonTheMonkey: 1 times
msisis mentions:
  @BTheDiva: 1 times
  @TheGreatJoJo: 1 times
  @missdetriot: 1 times
  @IDMcali: 1 times
  @monique03: 1 times
  @BrittanyIDM: 1 times
  @fifihill: 1 times
  @CeoTookie: 1 times
  @BRich404: 1 times
  @bobatl: 1 times
thesachsgirl mentions:
exquisitivex mentions:
  @sampson23: 1 times
focuzmedia mentions:
  @urbanperspectiv: 1 times
  @jmschmidt: 1 times
kimcastle mentions:
  @AlexKaris: 1 times
  @KimCastle: 1 times
execvasolutions mentions:
  @CandyWWGM: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @RichardBejah: 1 times
  @Ways2GoGreen: 1 times
  @divefinatic: 1 times
  @ExecVASolutions: 1 times
  @CampusScooters: 1 times
  @GreenSmooch: 1 times
leosulli mentions:
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
  @JavaTheCat: 1 times
  @HerGraceTheCat: 1 times
  @PhoenixBean: 1 times
  @Step1Dogs: 1 times
  @LeoSulli: 1 times
babysista mentions:
  @LilBughi: 1 times
  @babysista: 1 times
  @SeagirlX: 1 times
  @warriorblue: 1 times
iluvblackwomen mentions:
  @HoopTWho: 1 times
  @twitter: 1 times
lrgche mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @MMarquit: 1 times
  @thegoodhuman: 1 times
  @extremejacob: 1 times
  @llamamoney: 1 times
  @alanschram: 1 times
  @jessc098: 1 times
  @lrgche: 1 times
  @FourPillars: 1 times
  @MattJabs: 1 times
actingblack mentions:
  @marcy718: 1 times
  @BodyguardBeats: 1 times
  @mcbillions: 1 times
  @theworldfamous: 1 times
  @mrsolowkey: 1 times
  @actingblack: 1 times
  @ninamorena: 1 times
  @LazyGenius: 1 times
  @onlyoneofme: 1 times
  @: 1 times
lygrishollywood mentions:
  @petercoffin: 1 times
  @teeeeeef: 1 times
babiboi19 mentions:
  @RissaXoXo: 1 times
  @TheYoaster: 1 times
  @cheddarbob5: 1 times
  @chrisymarie22: 1 times
  @DrWatts: 1 times
  @waynemac55: 1 times
michelleyeah mentions:
  @yat4ever: 1 times
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @shockozulu: 1 times
  @mrosenbaum711: 1 times
  @DaveHolmes: 1 times
hey_bradshaw mentions:
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @HansKarl: 1 times
  @PianoGeek: 1 times
  @KatherineCHE: 1 times
  @RobMcNealy: 1 times
  @seekzpeace: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @Rieva: 1 times
  @HeyBradshaw: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
lloydalmighty mentions:
  @chuckmac: 1 times
  @BartenderOne: 1 times
kevinmims mentions:
  @HuskyHiker: 1 times
  @philipwerner: 1 times
  @KevinMims: 1 times
  @campingblogger: 1 times
  @kirbonanza: 1 times
  @FatPaddler: 1 times
  @100hikes: 1 times
pilarstella mentions:
lakithia mentions:
  @StarsandSpace: 1 times
  @Lakithia: 1 times
  @braze74: 1 times
deebzz mentions:
  @BeautifulCraftt: 1 times
  @ChrisJakob: 1 times
  @DatkiidSoPuton: 1 times
  @DizzyDmoney1: 1 times
  @BaBiiTii: 1 times
  @teamlew: 1 times
  @deebzz: 1 times
  @DanggItsDevin: 1 times
  @tiicklemeelmo: 1 times
adityaaryatama mentions:
  @oeyz: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 2 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @CougarCandy: 1 times
  @faithgoddess7: 1 times
  @Spc: 1 times
yaboylv mentions:
  @intelligence101followfriday: 1 times
  @carlitocino: 1 times
  @YaboyLV: 1 times
jennaphillips mentions:
  @VeggieGrill: 1 times
  @iLoveMCafe: 1 times
  @TenderGreens: 1 times
  @lepainquotidien: 1 times
bigrocco mentions:
  @matthewmgraham: 1 times
daniel_richard mentions:
  @kikolani: 1 times
jeremypenn mentions:
  @tedvilla: 1 times
  @jeremypenn: 1 times
wefollowtweets mentions:
susanlyon mentions:
  @seekxl: 1 times
  @brianflock: 1 times
  @crowdeye: 1 times
  @berkmancenter: 1 times
  @opengov: 1 times
  @islandreporter: 1 times
  @mkapor: 1 times
bradleycmeek mentions:
  @thewinterseason: 1 times
abecerril mentions:
  @chiiqLedemeNte: 1 times
jayne720 mentions:
  @SteveSimon: 1 times
  @RaynaH78: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @TimothyBurns: 1 times
vainnovations mentions:
  @MajorDodson: 1 times
  @uhhuhher: 1 times
  @uublog: 1 times
  @VAInnovations: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @VickiElam: 1 times
alissafereday mentions:
  @SmilingSpirit: 1 times
  @JimWray: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @SOLSTIC: 1 times
  @EdwardJLangan: 1 times
  @TidyCat: 1 times
mugglesam mentions:
  @LaurenAnnette: 1 times
jillblue mentions:
  @Leabella: 1 times
  @JustBella: 1 times
  @HennArtOnline: 1 times
  @nursemom90: 1 times
  @JoLoPe: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
  @stormreport: 1 times
  @daNanner: 1 times
  @BlokesLib: 1 times
  @Jillblue: 1 times
vanbytheriver mentions:
  @JasonReitman: 1 times
  @badmeaningbad: 1 times
mauigreen mentions:
  @HawaiianShirts: 1 times
  @PeterLiu47: 1 times
kisstory mentions:
bhalchander mentions:
  @Matt369: 1 times
inotherwords_ mentions:
  @AJMcCleary: 1 times
  @InOtherWords: 1 times
michaelbandnanc mentions:
  @civlee: 2 times
  @MichaelBelba: 1 times
  @michaelbandnanc: 1 times
  @jen004: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
  @ModelSupplies: 1 times
silentrocco mentions:
  @Velvetbanana34: 1 times
luciamitro mentions:
  @DietsCentral: 1 times
  @WritewhereUr: 1 times
  @LuciaMitro: 1 times
wirelesschunk mentions:
  @923NowFM: 1 times
  @AOLRadio: 1 times
  @CBSRadio: 1 times
greglvann mentions:
  @jmike3: 1 times
  @dineshad: 1 times
  @jokerandnachos: 1 times
  @uofmpreacher: 1 times
  @angiebabyz: 1 times
  @kpitkwcz: 1 times
  @mollywoodca: 1 times
  @jeeoutlawz: 1 times
  @recelm: 1 times
  @chmpton1: 1 times
  @heyleahay: 1 times
enlightphoto mentions:
  @JoeMcNallyPhoto: 1 times
  @gallarotti: 1 times
  @uncommondepth: 1 times
  @ScottBourne: 1 times
  @jpons: 1 times
  @KQEDScience: 1 times
  @earthskyscience: 1 times
cindyloveofbook mentions:
  @HulaMonkey: 1 times
renewableguy mentions:
alisabirks mentions:
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @tahDeetz: 1 times
  @reiver: 1 times
  @PoliticalUpdate: 1 times
  @TPOHisself: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @erickbrockway: 1 times
  @BillZucker: 1 times
trishthiel mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 2 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
salsarico mentions:
  @jimmybosch: 1 times
megan_eb mentions:
  @AbortionDr: 1 times
  @OntarioRebELLEs: 1 times
brianakay mentions:
  @TheDannyNoriega: 1 times
  @jillianmess: 1 times
  @suppty: 1 times
  @JonAsher: 1 times
  @CamsMoore: 1 times
  @EyeAlaska: 1 times
  @versateam: 1 times
  @CollegeCandy: 1 times
danielboix mentions:
  @ImagePremiums: 1 times
  @TwitYourLove: 1 times
  @jilevin: 1 times
  @RawHippy: 1 times
rtrviews mentions:
  @Whipoorwill: 1 times
  @jonthanjay: 1 times
  @livestronggena: 1 times
  @jasonmitchener: 1 times
  @whipoorwill: 1 times
superduperjes mentions:
  @WerdUp: 1 times
sophiasmilez mentions:
thekenjones mentions:
  @HawaiianShirts: 1 times
  @theGypsy: 2 times
chestela mentions:
  @guspatagonico: 1 times
karrianngraf mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
  @incomestream: 1 times
  @AndreaChin: 1 times
  @AlphaMares: 1 times
  @BilleBaty: 1 times
  @KarriannGraf: 1 times
  @andrewkamchi: 1 times
cathymcrae mentions:
  @BoFirstDog: 1 times
  @gnushound: 1 times
  @flyhoney: 1 times
  @cherylkobluk: 1 times
  @SDRadio: 1 times
  @cathymcrae: 1 times
  @PabloMac: 1 times
  @patrickedward: 1 times
  @teddiebme414: 1 times
  @MaryHogan2: 1 times
apdub mentions:
  @KushKitties: 1 times
  @SativaSister: 1 times
  @EstoyPacheco: 1 times
  @APDub: 1 times
  @BlazedConfused: 1 times
  @Amsterdam420: 1 times
  @HempNews: 1 times
prikating mentions:
  @jovemnerd: 1 times
  @guilhermebriggs: 1 times
  @azaghal: 1 times
  @dboth: 1 times
  @luizalberto: 1 times
  @PauloDalpian: 1 times
  @marcoluque: 1 times
  @Dersao: 1 times
  @marcioballas: 1 times
adiaha mentions:
  @ifayabale: 1 times
  @adiaha: 1 times
  @HomeGirlBlog: 1 times
  @J3551C4: 1 times
  @MyBottlesUp: 1 times
  @er1ca: 1 times
  @HomeSchBoutique: 1 times
  @m47713: 1 times
dudup mentions:
  @nancyduarte: 1 times
  @arstechnica: 1 times
  @smokingapples: 1 times
  @WordStream: 1 times
  @workforfood: 1 times
  @akzel: 1 times
  @IATV: 1 times
  @andylambros: 1 times
jimwray mentions:
  @AlissaFereday: 1 times
  @SmilingSpirit: 1 times
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @SOLSTIC: 1 times
  @EdwardJLangan: 1 times
  @TidyCat: 1 times
cbounds mentions:
sherikayehoff mentions:
  @BookingsHotels: 1 times
  @GoldmanMill: 1 times
  @allfactsandopin: 1 times
  @nrdavis: 1 times
  @avapierce: 1 times
  @sherikayehoff: 1 times
  @plrperfection: 1 times
  @GrandeShores: 1 times
kmurph mentions:
  @winewonkette: 1 times
  @GregoryPalDiaz: 1 times
  @gomezjim: 1 times
  @naturconselor: 1 times
chatnoir80 mentions:
  @mondocongo: 1 times
joycescapade mentions:
  @BarbaraFriedman: 1 times
  @COMMANDERF4: 1 times
  @tiffmcraig: 1 times
  @johna404: 1 times
  @bahamabob: 1 times
  @SherryPCMO: 1 times
  @DebraLBrock: 1 times
  @joycescapade: 1 times
marcihearts mentions:
  @badmeaningbad: 1 times
abbyful mentions:
  @TheWineWhore: 1 times
zaridan mentions:
  @joomlatraining: 1 times
debaclex mentions:
  @FortuneC00kie: 1 times
  @ChPR: 1 times
  @alexafrend: 1 times
  @ChArt: 1 times
  @angelarden: 1 times
opluss mentions:
  @TommyLind: 1 times
  @OplusS: 1 times
  @AFineFrenzy: 1 times
buildmusclenet mentions:
  @musclemenca: 1 times
cmchadwick mentions:
  @kd0bik: 1 times
  @N2GJ: 1 times
  @cmchadwick: 1 times
  @m3php: 1 times
  @AF6PU: 1 times
  @timkirby: 1 times
  @wwward: 1 times
  @k0rcw: 1 times
  @chrismatthieu: 1 times
  @kb3sbi: 1 times
  @sjm10599: 1 times
  @ka3drr: 1 times
  @cshields: 1 times
openboxmusic mentions:
  @offsetmuzik: 1 times
  @eclecticbeautyy: 1 times
  @TiJeanOnline: 1 times
  @vanessanina: 1 times
  @mateoonline: 1 times
  @dannig: 1 times
mopars0 mentions:
  @AngelicRebel2: 1 times
  @mopars0: 2 times
internetgurl mentions:
onyxdragon mentions:
blissfulvisions mentions:
  @pnchamilton: 1 times
  @natneagle: 1 times
  @queenbmakeup: 1 times
  @dino101: 1 times
  @GeekTyrant: 1 times
  @glamourdolleyes: 1 times
  @pinkiecharm: 1 times
dogreader mentions:
  @flyinghamster: 1 times
  @BleepingElf: 1 times
missmandi mentions:
  @rhet0ric: 1 times
  @jasonpermenter: 1 times
  @cranberryperson: 1 times
  @biorhythmist: 1 times
guilty_ mentions:
  @juniperus: 1 times
  @veronicadlcruz: 1 times
  @dangerbirdjeff: 1 times
bonzaisocial mentions:
  @AlohaBruce: 1 times
  @pik0: 1 times
  @AngelaKeen: 1 times
  @jeannemariepics: 1 times
  @iescience: 1 times
  @OahuAJ: 1 times
  @BonzaiSocial: 1 times
  @WaikikiAquarium: 1 times
  @KrisBordessa: 1 times
  @johngarcia: 1 times
rlorenzen mentions:
  @dainazsillava: 1 times
  @Pogue: 1 times
  @denniskneale: 1 times
dixiedynamite mentions:
  @BobBurg: 1 times
gabrielmy mentions:
  @kodathedog: 1 times
  @dallasnagata: 1 times
  @kaeokepani: 1 times
  @reidyana: 1 times
  @studiomyo: 1 times
samegui mentions:
  @cler: 1 times
  @mauriciodesousa: 1 times
azrael37 mentions:
  @SabriHorande: 1 times
  @Merilachina: 1 times
  @CarolaZerlin: 1 times
  @gabriela2400: 1 times
  @whitzard: 1 times
leobuttler mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
ecastillo mentions:
  @DarkWarlike: 1 times
hofshq mentions:
  @filipalinhares: 1 times
  @funscience: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @ARISE: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @yero69: 1 times
  @expensiveguy: 1 times
  @JustPotts: 1 times
  @hofshq: 1 times
  @TheLifehackPost: 1 times
iempoweru mentions:
  @FantasyArt: 1 times
  @markthetrainer: 1 times
  @Shodanagal: 1 times
  @DrGarde: 1 times
  @SandipSen: 1 times
  @Radiance80: 1 times
  @Upamanyu: 1 times
gmarketingguy mentions:
  @FeliciaSlatteryone: 1 times
  @BobTheTeacher: 1 times
momsprissy mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @OpGratitude: 1 times
  @MsMarti: 1 times
  @OpHomefront: 1 times
  @ArmyNewsNow: 1 times
  @DVIDSHub: 1 times
  @USArmy: 1 times
  @WomenGu: 1 times
creativesoul mentions:
  @mkdieb: 1 times
  @asiantees: 1 times
  @KFulford: 1 times
  @BBCoachKris: 1 times
  @FitHealthyHappy: 1 times
  @johnmijac: 1 times
  @CoolOscar: 1 times
  @2574Design: 1 times
  @ashessehsa: 1 times
artsy_jenny mentions:
  @mistygirlph: 1 times
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
yumiyoko mentions:
  @ThugRockStar: 1 times
daniel0405 mentions:
  @truskowski: 1 times
  @davidjtaylor: 1 times
  @Siriussss: 1 times
keepemcookin mentions:
  @mamasonbedrest: 1 times
  @marchofdimes: 1 times
  @actsofgrace: 1 times
  @savvydoula: 1 times
  @RobinPreg: 1 times
  @chukwumaonyeije: 1 times
  @PamperedMommaOR: 1 times
pauljendrasiak mentions:
  @mattschuler: 1 times
kristymyers mentions:
  @ctorgan: 1 times
  @jazzercb: 1 times
4boys4now mentions:
  @MomTV: 1 times
melbrackstone mentions:
  @FunnyJoker: 1 times
  @TheMime: 1 times
  @god: 1 times
  @DailyAtheist: 1 times
  @deliriousgirl: 1 times
  @everyoneelse: 1 times
xocowolf mentions:
  @twisst: 1 times
zaustrew mentions:
pjross mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @bdivine: 1 times
  @chapelhill: 1 times
kathbarna mentions:
  @jjandtherogues: 1 times
the__fragile mentions:
organicmania mentions:
  @tkpleslieRT: 1 times
  @adultorphan: 1 times
  @mikegamble: 1 times
  @MrElderCare: 1 times
  @steveeldercare: 1 times
  @caring4parents: 1 times
strobeiw mentions:
  @yeagerhood: 1 times
  @dub216: 1 times
  @wugambina: 1 times
  @Prophet83: 1 times
  @SHEEmusic: 1 times
  @strobeiw: 1 times
  @therealzyannah: 1 times
timhibbard mentions:
  @runningbebe: 1 times
  @timhibbard: 1 times
margaretkinney mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
chadford mentions:
  @gardendreamer: 1 times
mrmxy mentions:
  @farrahfawcett: 1 times
  @michaeljackon: 1 times
franklinanciano mentions:
  @ErasmoVelez: 1 times
  @RatRaceEscapee: 1 times
  @JuliaRymut: 1 times
  @Perig: 1 times
  @luvyaa: 1 times
  @zdeluca: 1 times
drjosephkim mentions:
queenbre01 mentions:
alexburdz mentions:
  @aquaspce: 1 times
spamboy mentions:
  @michaeltorbert: 1 times
emmettxxx mentions:
mrzgilbert mentions:
  @Joker4BB: 1 times
  @Mrzgilbert: 1 times
cocosmalls mentions:
  @RickGriffin: 1 times
  @RickGriffinLOL: 1 times
iyonah mentions:
  @siccNasty: 1 times
  @montanadeleon: 1 times
  @babygold: 1 times
  @EmyXOXO: 1 times
  @CookinSoul: 1 times
  @UnckleP: 1 times
  @iyonah: 1 times
buildadelaide mentions:
  @Donnette: 2 times
  @rmolden: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @catmatson: 1 times
  @JayOatway: 1 times
  @buildadelaide: 1 times
  @skipzilla: 1 times
kylynnis mentions:
  @raid1907: 1 times
  @RangerUp: 1 times
  @redrobinrockn: 1 times
  @Reenit: 1 times
  @RealBlackWidow: 1 times
  @sarahorn: 1 times
  @ScottKesterson: 1 times
  @SgtMacAttack: 1 times
  @sgtdanger: 1 times
  @SgtGrit: 1 times
redsy mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
ginaalzate mentions:
  @IntuitiveLilith: 1 times
  @wendyYbailey: 1 times
  @GinaAlzate: 1 times
  @TAROTGUILD: 1 times
legallane mentions:
  @Selenia06: 1 times
makeupmanmae mentions:
  @GirlswithGoals: 1 times
  @Michellemmm: 1 times
  @miamiadschool: 1 times
  @YuliZ: 1 times
  @fashiontweets: 2 times
  @MAKEUPMANMAE: 1 times
  @skyle: 1 times
  @pattidigh: 1 times
abay682 mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
haizerava mentions:
  @LindaMBHughes: 1 times
  @careerengineer: 1 times
  @SoulSanctuary: 1 times
  @HaizeRava: 1 times
  @planetshark: 1 times
  @ourinfo: 1 times
sweetcupcake mentions:
  @mimojito: 1 times
musesage mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
bucketheadphoto mentions:
  @shaznyc: 1 times
  @allenwhite: 1 times
peacefulwishing mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
mdrfl mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
colbyschult mentions:
  @cosmica34: 1 times
  @jaycee419: 1 times
  @patti0713: 1 times
  @angusbrown: 1 times
  @bjpickleman: 1 times
  @KristinaAwesome: 1 times
  @evathevandal: 1 times
sarasantiago mentions:
  @SarahHorvat: 1 times
  @UberDorkGirlie: 1 times
  @bananza: 1 times
freshfransic mentions:
  @Kyauphie: 1 times
  @wordspit: 1 times
  @lewfrompg: 1 times
  @freshfransic: 1 times
  @judahonthebeat: 1 times
  @missraymarshall: 1 times
  @dcrap: 1 times
  @brightestyoung: 1 times
  @MarsMcFly: 1 times
  @MrHogans: 1 times
aussie_angel mentions:
  @wellnessforyou: 1 times
finnsta1 mentions:
  @finnsta1: 1 times
bombshellsinc mentions:
  @mercedesjones: 1 times
  @markthetrainer: 1 times
  @DrGarde: 1 times
  @Shodanagal: 1 times
  @BombshellsInc: 1 times
happefuntime mentions:
  @FlyGirlAviation: 1 times
  @thelesbianmafia: 1 times
tamelajaeger mentions:
  @ObamaNews: 1 times
  @CharityWater: 1 times
paulozoom mentions:
  @davidkaneda: 1 times
berniceyoung mentions:
  @0Frank: 1 times
coffeechicka mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @randyMB: 1 times
dakkid mentions:
  @joshtrefethen: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @chrishalloran: 1 times
  @MattSuess: 1 times
  @clarkcrenshaw: 1 times
  @dakkid: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
  @Photojojo: 1 times
  @CelticCamera: 1 times
wecai mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @DaveMalby: 1 times
provirtual mentions:
  @WilsonVA: 1 times
michaelheiniger mentions:
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
  @Bernastar: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @KillahModels: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
poconomp3 mentions:
  @TheBigfella: 1 times
  @activebeachgirl: 1 times
  @SandiNJ: 1 times
  @3bubblesoff: 1 times
  @dallaslimochick: 1 times
  @scottrmcgrew: 1 times
  @LBCIslander: 1 times
ironworksmag mentions:
  @BikeEXIF: 1 times
  @michaelsfeed: 1 times
  @TWNE: 1 times
  @papamike69: 1 times
  @Bikermomma: 1 times
  @BikerSwag: 1 times
mattwatterworth mentions:
  @krystinaag: 1 times
nysmissingstar mentions:
  @Dizzy727: 1 times
  @NYsMissingStar: 1 times
realtyresolve mentions:
  @DavidBeKing: 1 times
pinchemanny mentions:
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
  @Pinchemanny: 1 times
  @artistshousemusic: 1 times
  @TooCool747: 1 times
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @stayatmyplace: 1 times
  @peterpanohno: 1 times
bildungsromans mentions:
  @gadgetsandgears: 1 times
musicstr7 mentions:
  @jhillstephens: 1 times
  @PennyPirate: 1 times
  @WhoaMellyNYC: 1 times
  @RuthLess1: 1 times
  @LegLessLush: 1 times
  @bscopes: 1 times
  @1shitstarter: 1 times
  @mailiadeath: 1 times
  @bestbios: 1 times
ag_of_bhb mentions:
  @kjhines: 1 times
  @LILJCOD: 1 times
  @lilsicc: 1 times
  @LockDownInc: 1 times
  @MAKMAN44: 1 times
  @mrtopknotch: 1 times
  @QWEENCHING: 1 times
  @Sertified: 1 times
  @StaciRussell: 1 times
  @ThaRealChino: 1 times
ninjapixie83 mentions:
  @LyssaMonkey: 1 times
  @kristianramirez: 1 times
  @MelaDe: 1 times
  @GWHicks: 1 times
  @Gizzangsta: 1 times
  @phoenixstu: 1 times
elverbo mentions:
hopeheals mentions:
  @Hippiechick68: 1 times
  @HopeHeals: 1 times
juniperus mentions:
  @trentreznor: 1 times
  @LOLRez: 1 times
  @gangstatreznor: 1 times
  @ZombieReznor: 1 times
  @YodaReznor: 1 times
  @piratetreznor: 1 times
  @ShakespearRez: 1 times
  @spockreznor: 1 times
  @fuddtreznor: 1 times
vixelle mentions:
  @gosugamers: 1 times
  @iccup: 1 times
  @sc2pod: 1 times
  @peanutSC: 1 times
  @CallMeTasteless: 1 times
  @SuperDanielMan: 1 times
  @artosis: 1 times
  @polygonrevue: 1 times
  @starfeeder: 1 times
thetarotlady mentions:
  @psychicaine: 1 times
pyoungpharma mentions:
  @twloha: 1 times
pameladetlor mentions:
  @MelissaEGilbert: 1 times
  @darlington57: 1 times
aynaenae mentions:
  @xmiyix: 1 times
  @officialcharice: 1 times
  @looktothestars: 1 times
  @ayNAENAE: 1 times
  @DreJones71: 1 times
  @TearlessPoet: 1 times
  @lspea: 1 times
n9tog mentions:
  @5sr: 1 times
michaelharrison mentions:
  @mknisely: 1 times
adayofhope mentions:
  @GypsyOwl: 1 times
  @squidjoan: 1 times
  @ADayofHope: 1 times
  @GrowWear: 1 times
  @kateloving: 1 times
  @Moonvine: 1 times
  @JaqStone: 1 times
  @squidoo: 1 times
clusterfarce mentions:
  @melissablake: 1 times
  @bethaquotaholic: 1 times
  @dianavilibert: 1 times
  @ericwareheim: 1 times
  @SarahKSilverman: 1 times
  @timheidecker: 1 times
  @alyankovic: 1 times
ms_marti mentions:
  @milhealth: 1 times
elatadexico mentions:
  @piantino: 1 times
michaelzavala mentions:
  @HoopTWho: 1 times
  @michaelzavala: 1 times
lemon8 mentions:
  @trice1706: 1 times
jimpelley mentions:
  @idaconcpts: 1 times
  @JWaterhouse: 1 times
  @MattBCardenas: 1 times
  @JustBagHI: 1 times
  @StrawberryToast: 1 times
  @Phabi: 1 times
  @tjbuffoonery: 1 times
  @RightThought: 1 times
raptj mentions:
  @HotFlash2go: 1 times
blackysky mentions:
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
  @bersheba: 1 times
  @secularstupid: 1 times
  @DonaldHardyCRS: 1 times
  @SimplyPositive: 1 times
  @blackysky: 1 times
  @scrubzbody: 1 times
fffanfare mentions:
  @EiCHFiVE: 1 times
jean424 mentions:
  @donotrefreeze: 1 times
leed_resource mentions:
  @ecoartist: 1 times
  @paramitribe: 1 times
  @OhioEnviro: 1 times
  @ecoject: 1 times
  @aleloop: 1 times
  @weplaygreen: 1 times
  @nikko11: 1 times
cafegirlspress mentions:
  @Jiggywiddit: 1 times
  @MrTweet: 1 times
  @MikeSpach: 1 times
twooping mentions:
  @unabarber: 1 times
  @iamtwooping: 1 times
  @twooping: 1 times
mcristia mentions:
  @ClaudiaImhoff: 1 times
  @merv: 1 times
  @colinjwhite: 1 times
  @neilraden: 1 times
  @markmadsen: 1 times
  @bitterer: 1 times
  @donalddotfarmer: 1 times
  @elissafink: 1 times
patsy_moore mentions:
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @Kparker3@pbanker1978@CathyJBrown@Dobieday@MamaCapps@DebbieTraum@Conniedr: 1 times
disciplinecc mentions:
  @DarkBelle: 1 times
  @DariaDAMMIT: 1 times
  @SteveIsaacs: 1 times
  @RAZNKN: 1 times
  @graceandmanners: 1 times
  @ToddNewman: 1 times
safehounds mentions:
  @ifpetscouldtype: 1 times
  @mojoatelier: 1 times
  @PetitePaws: 1 times
  @cyberbonn: 1 times
  @petxpert: 1 times
railmatters mentions:
dmular mentions:
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @manifestmmind: 1 times
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @vernonsnate: 1 times
  @karenswim: 1 times
  @MatchesMalone: 1 times
  @wdfavor: 1 times
  @stevepohlit: 1 times
mattantonino mentions:
  @loongirl: 1 times
  @mystockphoto: 1 times
kstew2 mentions:
  @iamNELLZ: 1 times
  @Alvern1: 1 times
  @embo82: 1 times
  @shebad32: 1 times
  @younglyxx: 1 times
  @ATCutie: 1 times
  @kstew2: 1 times
  @CairoMayeson: 1 times
azprodjs mentions:
  @MyPreciousKid: 1 times
stageitsold mentions:
  @lauralassiter: 1 times
  @axelxes: 1 times
  @stageitSOLD: 1 times
  @Nurul54: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @PinkFest: 1 times
  @autsmama98: 1 times
  @MimiMir: 1 times
thundercap mentions:
  @beesaun: 1 times
  @ThunderCap: 1 times
3keyscoach mentions:
  @tweetsmallbiz: 1 times
joshua_007 mentions:
  @nullcool: 1 times
cancerinfohq mentions:
  @ctorgan: 1 times
  @jazzercb: 1 times
ignitehr mentions:
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
  @LovingLifeFully: 1 times
  @dhskee: 1 times
  @JULQuotes: 1 times
  @LisaTayl: 1 times
  @ignitehr: 1 times
  @MichaelDCC: 1 times
  @sctshep: 1 times
  @InsolIT: 1 times
  @casalinda: 1 times
w_satterwhite mentions:
  @wyndwalker: 1 times
  @crazyalcayne: 1 times
  @backpagecomics: 1 times
kittenfreaky mentions:
  @toysrevil: 1 times
retroplustees mentions:
  @RizzoTees: 1 times
  @retroplustees: 1 times
kevinsbaum mentions:
  @popnewsgirl: 1 times
  @socialdiva: 1 times
  @jasonkennedy1: 1 times
  @mollyrobben: 1 times
  @jenposkanzer: 1 times
  @sadeoturner: 1 times
  @negativenatalie: 1 times
  @giulianarancicGiggety: 1 times
empireisis mentions:
  @DoubledownInSLFollowFriday: 1 times
  @CynthiaBuroughs: 1 times
  @blessonemc: 1 times
  @PatchouliW: 1 times
  @evariveraferrel: 1 times
  @TheBarRag: 1 times
  @gordonmartin: 1 times
cookevillewxguy mentions:
  @kyrobbins: 1 times
  @mom2preteens: 1 times
  @luv4tn: 1 times
  @rhondagessner: 1 times
  @memphisweather1: 1 times
  @AnaRC: 1 times
  @Pamluther: 1 times
usamia mentions:
  @gingerds9: 1 times
  @reelsmart: 1 times
  @Wilbs999: 1 times
  @Dylemma: 1 times
  @Ericatwitts: 1 times
  @muttleylax: 1 times
  @majbc1: 1 times
  @ChristyKeen: 1 times
  @BOILINGSKIES: 1 times
  @JediVinnie: 1 times
michchat mentions:
  @GilPizano: 1 times
cybertegicseo mentions:
  @Bricklv: 1 times
  @abedross: 1 times
  @cybertegicseo: 1 times
  @hiptip: 1 times
bizsavvymom mentions:
  @ethelmgibbs: 1 times
  @tellmethursday: 1 times
  @DaymondJohnFUBU: 1 times
  @TracyBrinkmann: 1 times
  @ImmaChocoholic: 1 times
  @blackpolitics: 1 times
  @GabrielaKortsch: 1 times
  @bizsavvymom: 1 times
danlopez2012 mentions:
  @dudeman718: 1 times
  @TheRealChas: 1 times
  @maynaseric: 1 times
  @Michellemmm: 1 times
  @planetjefferson: 1 times
  @deannasworld: 1 times
  @gregbd: 1 times
  @dannienhauser: 1 times
  @cz415ad: 1 times
pocotoh mentions:
  @treta: 1 times
  @guilhermebriggs: 1 times
mokes mentions:
  @StephenDinan: 1 times
devindaiquiri mentions:
  @iheartAlly: 1 times
  @SexyKellyC: 1 times
  @MogliiX: 1 times
  @heyheyrenae: 1 times
  @hawaiiandreamer: 1 times
  @XflowergirlX: 1 times
  @jesscia305: 1 times
  @xpetitlapinxx: 1 times
  @Kissable88: 1 times
fuelwrnchr mentions:
  @Chrissyisms: 1 times
  @Songo72: 1 times
  @fuelwrnchr: 1 times
  @mikedammann: 1 times
  @ThreeTen: 1 times
  @Chris45212: 1 times
  @cjdkc: 1 times
  @codyks: 1 times
  @TweetNirvana: 1 times
chardonnayluvs mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
  @bcrab: 1 times
  @ofmercy: 1 times
  @tylerorr: 1 times
  @goian: 1 times
  @cpo: 1 times
  @msjeaniern: 1 times
  @countrycuban: 1 times
  @PeggySueBrister: 1 times
  @mknisely: 1 times
  @lanegeorge: 1 times
hivoltage_7 mentions:
chuaochocoholic mentions:
mercadorona mentions:
  @ballerstatus: 1 times
  @JokerBrand: 1 times
  @DJKSly: 1 times
  @queenb1979: 1 times
  @ogflawless: 1 times
  @BigFlaco: 1 times
  @GoodTimesMedia: 1 times
  @JulesJordan: 1 times
  @mercadorona: 1 times
  @FordRyan: 1 times
pfunn mentions:
  @twotoneboy: 1 times
e_3po mentions:
  @StarWarsFanGirl: 1 times
killahmodels mentions:
  @michaelheiniger: 1 times
  @Burdoc: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
  @HarryDeCat: 1 times
  @Bernastar: 1 times
  @wsredneck: 1 times
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @KillahModels: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
pastorjoeb mentions:
  @pastorjoeb: 1 times
  @yvonne: 1 times
  @redsweb: 1 times
  @AskChrisJensen: 1 times
  @BillRomer: 1 times
  @pambrechlin: 1 times
  @maggiedavid: 1 times
  @angelmcclinton: 1 times
  @jasonbenfield: 1 times
steveshears mentions:
  @jackalopekid: 1 times
mysolaceinchaos mentions:
  @TranquilMammoth: 1 times
  @dansmithunknown: 1 times
myklroventine mentions:
  @slolee: 1 times
  @C3POJones: 1 times
thenewhustle mentions:
  @onlinedealcheck: 1 times
  @danielbutts: 1 times
  @jamesWduggan: 1 times
  @thenewhustle: 1 times
  @vpshopping: 1 times
shodanagal mentions:
  @mercedesjones: 1 times
  @markthetrainer: 1 times
  @DrGarde: 1 times
  @Shodanagal: 1 times
  @BombshellsInc: 1 times
turbocam2007 mentions:
  @Nint3ndofr34k: 1 times
  @Eric77lv: 1 times
  @Exceltia: 1 times
  @turbocam2007: 1 times
  @Ustream: 1 times
vickyderd mentions:
  @THEsaragilbert: 1 times
magicalmusic mentions:
  @DaveMalby: 1 times
amandanoyes mentions:
  @HutchDano: 1 times
  @FollowSavvy: 1 times
  @FollowMandy: 1 times
  @BeauEvans: 1 times
  @thedebbyryan: 1 times
bigboysound mentions:
  @BlackLiq: 1 times
  @pineapplecakes: 1 times
  @stonerstuff: 1 times
  @GDeus: 1 times
  @bigboysound: 1 times
  @VERSEALL: 1 times
  @THEREALSWIZZZ: 1 times
  @tamishams: 1 times
  @sevdaproducer: 1 times
dariadammit mentions:
  @THEsaragilbert: 1 times
  @mrskutcher: 1 times
flawedangel mentions:
  @808manong: 1 times
  @GayaGirl: 1 times
  @Rai7Rai: 1 times
  @R1CC1: 1 times
  @KatieHung: 1 times
  @flawedangel: 1 times
sguerette mentions:
  @TranquilMammoth: 1 times
  @dansmithunknown: 1 times
art_by_ideity mentions:
  @ginarenay: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
realtyman mentions:
  @erenwall: 2 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @RealtyMan: 1 times
  @emusicmotion: 1 times
  @PartyWater: 1 times
lfbball mentions:
  @nikebasketball: 1 times
  @lagill: 1 times
  @addictinggames: 1 times
  @LFBball: 1 times
  @westcoasthoops: 1 times
  @cooliorob: 1 times
  @JP810: 1 times
  @pcaman: 1 times
  @imaniluvsyou: 1 times
  @sportsbusiness: 1 times
adonyawong mentions:
  @lovelytrinkets: 1 times
  @QueensTreasures: 1 times
  @BodyByChocolate: 1 times
  @twootles: 1 times
  @bestdealfinder: 1 times
  @Livingstrong: 1 times
  @AdonyaWong: 1 times
amandajbutt mentions:
  @govmikehuckabee: 1 times
  @txteamhuck: 1 times
  @huck2012: 1 times
  @hucksarmy: 1 times
  @michaelwilliams: 1 times
  @randyneugebauer: 1 times
  @housetohousehth: 1 times
  @weylandeaver: 1 times
a_lan mentions:
  @RealWorldCara: 1 times
  @personar: 1 times
  @PinkAngel0704: 1 times
  @organicsue: 1 times
  @JackieHernandez: 1 times
  @DanGross: 1 times
  @gorikain: 1 times
azwandi mentions:
  @zurairi: 1 times
  @WLDU09: 1 times
carosparroww mentions:
  @heyshezie: 1 times
  @EmilyAllTimeLow: 1 times
  @AmyAllTimeLow: 1 times
markman641 mentions:
  @AbezxD: 1 times
  @dalethewhale1: 1 times
  @onelumgrl: 1 times
  @letsdancexx: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
  @alpilo320: 1 times
  @yosoyian: 1 times
  @Maxamillion15: 1 times
joshuaduboff mentions:
  @TSBX: 1 times
workingwomentb mentions:
  @SacredGlo: 2 times
  @artrudenko: 1 times
  @ChefKathy: 1 times
  @jessicarivelli: 1 times
  @MicheleNorthrup: 1 times
  @steamykitchen: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @tomvmorris: 1 times
majeedb mentions:
  @NickDeringer: 1 times
  @leahita: 1 times
  @libertysarmy3: 1 times
  @FreezeDriedNews: 1 times
  @emgtay: 1 times
mlledavis mentions:
  @browniebabez: 1 times
topangafilmfest mentions:
  @HollywoodBL: 1 times
  @filmfestlounge: 1 times
  @MovieBum: 1 times
  @crcoppola: 1 times
  @thelek: 1 times
smfritch mentions:
  @MrOneliner: 1 times
  @smfritch: 1 times
  @andylevy: 1 times
  @rosecityken: 1 times
  @STXherry: 1 times
  @DrewBrandt: 1 times
  @RightCubed: 1 times
splurge24 mentions:
  @joshuastecker: 1 times
chodidees mentions:
  @Xiane: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @Bahamabob: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @SunnyJamiel: 1 times
  @KarmaRox: 1 times
  @SiJose: 1 times
  @Chodidees: 1 times
  @ShawnORourke: 1 times
monyelle mentions:
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @keithgreen06: 1 times
  @monyelle: 1 times
  @msajc: 1 times
  @chitiff: 1 times
  @missdatl: 1 times
  @traveleverywhere: 1 times
  @msvores: 1 times
  @journi: 1 times
  @jawar: 1 times
seosteve mentions:
  @TweetCaroline: 1 times
  @seochick: 1 times
joelkatte mentions:
  @annaanisin: 1 times
  @OneSeasonMLB: 1 times
  @jeffmello: 1 times
  @lizasperling: 1 times
  @MarkEricJohnson: 1 times
  @toomarvelous: 1 times
  @joelkatte: 1 times
  @brianspaeth: 1 times
  @MKNELL: 1 times
mirl mentions:
  @Aur1: 1 times
  @maxime68: 1 times
avocalistsrival mentions:
  @SATWordoftheDay: 1 times
mattsuess mentions:
  @dakkid: 2 times
  @joshtrefethen: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @chrishalloran: 1 times
  @clarkcrenshaw: 1 times
  @photojack: 1 times
  @Photojojo: 1 times
  @CelticCamera: 1 times
jerpir mentions:
  @RaphaelRJ2: 1 times
  @SPDworks: 1 times
  @MarinerNick: 1 times
  @vBSetup: 1 times
  @KingKovifor: 1 times
  @PotLegalization: 1 times
  @BlindBandit: 1 times
  @Stompinggrounds: 1 times
  @jerpir: 1 times
  @Defyne: 1 times
petersanchez mentions:
  @instyledecor: 1 times
  @oldskhool: 1 times
  @tuganocafe: 1 times
  @extundo: 1 times
gonzogreg mentions:
  @ALAPAONELLEN: 1 times
seanrichman mentions:
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @BITT59: 1 times
  @Owl311: 1 times
  @GabrielsAngels: 1 times
  @emancini: 1 times
  @verwon: 1 times
  @alexparr: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @Goldenorckus: 1 times
  @seanrichman: 1 times
  @1sweetwirl: 1 times
oakenquill mentions:
  @ianessling: 1 times
  @scarrieann: 1 times
plrcontent mentions:
  @JoelOsborne: 1 times
  @WillieCrawford: 1 times
  @AskArnette: 1 times
  @msmerle: 1 times
  @calreg: 1 times
  @MaryWilhite: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @TheSpotter: 1 times
  @JackBastide: 1 times
lenapple mentions:
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
scottcheatham mentions:
  @thedailysaint: 1 times
  @aaronabbott: 1 times
  @TonyCToday: 1 times
  @MarkMosher: 1 times
  @JohnPiper: 1 times
  @fuelshane: 1 times
jcpepe mentions:
  @rampler: 1 times
  @MikeLuoma: 1 times
patsymoore mentions:
  @melaniemayron52: 1 times
jay_isamazing mentions:
  @JAYisAMAZING: 1 times
kevinlcc mentions:
  @danielpunkass: 1 times
beadsland mentions:
  @drkiki: 1 times
  @jacksonflys: 1 times
cokematic mentions:
  @owens: 1 times
brooksjyoung mentions:
eleocho mentions:
  @eamexico: 1 times
imajackrussell mentions:
  @LouPeb: 1 times
  @bodeknows: 1 times
  @archietheborder: 1 times
  @Pastathecat: 1 times
  @blackthing: 1 times
  @DogGoesTweet: 1 times
  @ImaJackRussell: 1 times
  @sidilic: 1 times
bluefire1181 mentions:
  @OAbnormals: 1 times
wy20 mentions:
  @thinkBIGblog: 1 times
americangolf mentions:
  @LadiesGolfCen: 1 times
  @SporteeGal: 1 times
carole_hicks mentions:
  @rickosborne: 1 times
  @ifeelgod: 1 times
  @daveingland: 1 times
  @worldprayr: 1 times
  @Conniedr: 1 times
  @paulagroenink: 1 times
  @GiantsDoDie: 1 times
  @Amanda8Murphy: 1 times
mochakizzez mentions:
  @tap29: 2 times
  @hiphopdesigns: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 1 times
  @OhSoSexy730: 1 times
  @KieshaCarrModel: 1 times
  @RENEEOFGETCAKE: 1 times
  @Mochakizzez: 1 times
  @TREGATRON: 1 times
  @atownbr: 1 times
paperbeadgirl mentions:
  @WhymenGrindin@teeco71: 1 times
  @lovepeaceunity: 1 times
  @pointforwardpro: 1 times
  @LarisaBelliveau: 1 times
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @Iconic88: 1 times
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @ambmuzic: 1 times
roxinator mentions:
  @SarahDownSouth: 1 times
  @roxinators: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @LibertyLipstick: 1 times
johndrew25 mentions:
  @GrandmasterNet: 1 times
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @inevergrewup: 1 times
  @ReTweetBot: 1 times
  @degenerasian: 1 times
  @franzidee: 1 times
ahugeproduction mentions:
  @74ina66: 1 times
bridesfriend mentions:
  @PassionParent: 2 times
  @annettepedersen: 1 times
  @suziecheel: 1 times
  @rebeccamarina: 1 times
  @bridgetteb: 1 times
brandonariel mentions:
  @severedrose: 1 times
  @thedevonaire: 1 times
  @eavangel: 1 times
  @maidofthemer: 1 times
  @thenigganator: 1 times
tiasparkles mentions:
  @IndyEnigma: 1 times
  @patrickmeehan: 1 times
andreas_hofer mentions:
  @zeitlos: 1 times
  @AndreasHofer: 1 times
technosailor mentions:
  @mollymali: 1 times
phikappa304 mentions:
  @IngramAngle: 1 times
kate919 mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @bretttrout: 1 times
  @chrisbarnstad: 1 times
  @bjweber: 1 times
  @suzika: 1 times
  @igord: 1 times
  @kate919: 1 times
  @mikesansone: 1 times
dysd mentions:
  @jimlee00: 1 times
  @robsheridan: 1 times
lynnbaby13 mentions:
  @NassauYRs: 1 times
  @lynnbaby13: 1 times
  @mikecicons: 1 times
  @nyyrc: 1 times
  @nysyr: 1 times
  @EdXeno: 1 times
amandagbeals mentions:
  @awaretalkradio: 1 times
  @planethealer: 1 times
  @ThetaHealerMaya: 1 times
  @anitafiander: 1 times
  @suzyonfire: 1 times
  @ediegalley: 1 times
  @brightmichelle: 1 times
  @dougieslap: 1 times
curedepression mentions:
  @SimplexStudios: 1 times
  @emilyroseartist: 1 times
  @chrishumphreys: 1 times
  @tchiphop: 1 times
  @mujamessiah: 1 times
  @HazieBaby: 1 times
  @mattuk: 1 times
  @hugostyle: 1 times
  @DavidSlocombe: 1 times
thomashfoster mentions:
  @pfunn: 1 times
  @thomashfoster: 2 times
preachankobia mentions:
  @Queenboonisha: 1 times
  @ABCPUBLICITY: 1 times
  @ThePUSSITANT1: 1 times
  @PreachAnkobia: 1 times
  @kristensmith: 1 times
  @EnglishGalMedia: 1 times
  @sweetpotatobobo: 1 times
foodwineclassic mentions:
  @foodieaspen: 1 times
  @Gilbanzo: 1 times
  @aspenAlex: 1 times
  @SavoryTv: 1 times
  @dailyblender: 1 times
  @FoodWishes: 1 times
  @KaryNYC: 1 times
  @threethieves: 1 times
  @averagebetty: 1 times
kayleighford mentions:
  @rockingjude: 1 times
  @DanaWillhoit: 1 times
  @pippie: 1 times
  @girlwithnoname: 1 times
  @eleesha: 1 times
  @kayleighford: 1 times
  @kiwichamp: 1 times
  @togetherwf: 1 times
  @Camyden: 1 times
mischiefmuttntx mentions:
  @JasonPollock: 1 times
bfmom mentions:
  @Crazydigger: 1 times
condawg mentions:
  @kevstauss: 1 times
birrfamily mentions:
  @jaredmontz: 1 times
fourstringfuror mentions:
  @kylaworld: 1 times
bradbig mentions:
  @lilcav68: 1 times
  @lawgrace: 1 times
  @kevinnealon: 1 times
  @katethegreat: 1 times
  @dustinfenison: 1 times
  @johnpiper: 1 times
  @amybsells: 1 times
  @robvio: 1 times
diegoknak mentions:
  @angelapires: 1 times
codymccarter mentions:
  @teqhnique: 1 times
oneluvgurl mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
ritalynman mentions:
  @pzwoman: 1 times
  @PRmurphy: 1 times
  @FionaVA: 1 times
  @DaneMoore: 1 times
  @adventuregirl: 1 times
  @DarnRepublican: 1 times
  @tamij: 1 times
  @brettbodine: 1 times
btrvacationrent mentions:
  @rentalscout: 1 times
myartsroom mentions:
  @iamdamnsam: 1 times
  @sam101554: 1 times
  @bookemdano: 1 times
  @RobThGreat: 1 times
  @erenwall: 1 times
  @noalpha: 1 times
  @ChrisHangsleben: 1 times
  @oushadow: 1 times
  @hamfy1: 1 times
brandon_e mentions:
  @BebeZed: 1 times
  @BrandonE: 1 times
  @CanuckBlondie: 1 times
teradoll mentions:
  @ddjango: 1 times
mortgagereport mentions:
  @prgully: 1 times
  @chasmiller: 1 times
  @johngerzema: 1 times
  @greenbirdmedia: 1 times
  @aaswartz: 1 times
  @mlackey: 1 times
  @mortgagereport: 1 times
  @baghdadbrian: 1 times
  @alyssamilano: 1 times
bryanrhoads mentions:
  @SDO: 1 times
  @jaycosnett: 1 times
brainhound mentions:
  @jefflemire: 1 times
pokerandporn mentions:
  @CaesarPigeon: 1 times
  @geobabbler: 1 times
jojorara mentions:
  @nuchef1956: 1 times
xo_amanda_xo mentions:
  @aprilmiss: 1 times
  @xAkademiks: 1 times
  @alixeedwards: 1 times
  @heathgerhard: 1 times
ohiojoan mentions:
  @spell: 1 times
kimirhochelle mentions:
  @SlickTalkJ: 1 times
  @MajicMindy: 1 times
  @kchall: 1 times
  @bradgal: 1 times
  @laraslattery: 1 times
  @ClipBlast: 1 times
  @TamaraSchilling: 1 times
  @Matt369: 1 times
bestwins mentions:
  @gingerds9: 1 times
  @lauriebailey: 1 times
  @efricke: 1 times
  @marquietta: 1 times
  @bgiguy: 1 times
  @exposeliberals: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @spatriot: 1 times
  @bestwins: 1 times
madsoli mentions:
  @dawnspitfire: 1 times
  @lalayu: 1 times
  @perezhilton: 1 times
crazycatladie mentions:
  @JanieRocks: 1 times
  @CutiePie101: 1 times
  @xmainer1: 1 times
  @marialovsya: 1 times
  @quowena: 1 times
  @ApatheticZodiac: 1 times
  @pdxlilly: 1 times
  @slvrnmph: 1 times
  @RonniA: 1 times
  @Hamsterkitten: 1 times
msproductions mentions:
  @stefthepef: 1 times
  @Wacoboard: 1 times
  @sceverett: 1 times
  @withinwithout: 1 times
  @hlwtraveler: 1 times
  @SunnyBuns: 1 times
  @TackyAnnie: 1 times
  @willtooker: 1 times
  @jaimecrowe: 1 times
digitalartform mentions:
  @Raydachic: 1 times
  @jargan: 1 times
  @loopmovie: 1 times
  @devincf: 1 times
dailyinklings mentions:
  @wandasanchez: 1 times
  @pattyblake: 1 times
  @avmavm: 1 times
  @CaTaxRevolt: 1 times
cbarkhorn mentions:
  @AWLeach: 1 times
  @darcebobarce: 1 times
  @tenleywilson: 1 times
  @annascheer: 1 times
pulsewrestling mentions:
  @uknow85: 1 times
robcuzican mentions:
  @littlepinkbook: 1 times
designsbygypsy mentions:
organicjar mentions:
  @EpicSelf: 1 times
  @rusticliving: 1 times
  @LenetteNakauchi: 1 times
  @TeaHive: 1 times
lsclaveria mentions:
  @LoriSinger: 1 times
  @DiscoverClocks: 1 times
  @fishwithfeet: 1 times
  @GuitarDragon: 1 times
  @fortyplusandfab: 1 times
  @KatKoolatta: 1 times
  @entreprediva: 1 times
  @heysal: 1 times
  @jonnerz: 1 times
thomas_larsen mentions:
  @CodyMcCarter: 1 times
  @teqhnique: 1 times
gracebones mentions:
  @MissDJM: 1 times
  @MissMope: 1 times
  @KeavyMonster: 1 times
  @TheEllenShow: 1 times
  @EmmaGFrost: 1 times
  @kauaihumane: 1 times
  @margaretcho: 1 times
  @WretchedHive: 1 times
  @flawlessmclovin: 1 times
rosiered23 mentions:
  @schilingfan: 1 times
  @bustafish: 1 times
angelarden mentions:
  @FortuneC00kie: 1 times
  @ChPR: 1 times
  @alexafrend: 1 times
  @ChArt: 1 times
  @angelarden: 1 times
aimee_b_loved mentions:
  @michaelbay: 1 times
  @AimeeBLoved: 1 times
askdayton mentions:
  @pumpkiinpiie: 1 times
  @zaibatsu: 1 times
  @shanedawson: 1 times
topothhilstudio mentions:
  @fightgonebad: 1 times
treesandshrubs mentions:
  @redwhiteandgrew: 1 times
  @CVanderlinden: 1 times
  @Interleafer: 1 times
  @kissmyaster: 1 times
  @FarmerPhoebe: 1 times
  @joegardener: 1 times
razorette mentions:
  @kyotosong: 1 times
yuliakatkova mentions:
  @KittenRescue: 1 times
  @IamButton: 1 times
  @lenimandell: 1 times
  @davorado: 1 times
  @MamaCapps: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @drharvey: 1 times
  @mynameisscarf: 1 times
  @MyNameIsSKY: 1 times
babyorganics mentions:
  @taniasue: 1 times
  @siahoney: 1 times
  @VeronicaDLCruz: 1 times
  @EricDLCruz: 1 times
carolynhathaway mentions:
  @lindasmith247: 1 times
  @Carelea: 1 times
diseaseaday mentions:
  @boldbrunette: 1 times
  @GravyFloid: 1 times
  @elocio: 1 times
  @zuppaholic: 1 times
  @operationcarbon: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @msquezal: 1 times
birdiebreeze mentions:
  @castrotheatre: 1 times
  @wiltern: 1 times
  @theHotelCafe: 1 times
  @theRoxy: 1 times
  @theViperroom: 1 times
  @elreytheatre: 1 times
  @goldenvoice: 1 times
  @kcrw: 1 times
  @coachella: 1 times
meganmcmo mentions:
  @JGHue: 1 times
  @BananaAnna2008: 1 times
bdox mentions:
  @PITCHERPARK: 1 times
  @anthonystevens4: 1 times
  @donhalejr: 1 times
  @bdox: 1 times
  @DrunkinParrot: 1 times
  @Ampiphy: 1 times
  @maxinemilli: 1 times
  @ricklafave: 1 times
  @onnotitulaer: 1 times
  @BDa21: 1 times
mpguidry mentions:
  @timbury: 1 times
  @RockBandDJ: 1 times
  @WCEllis: 1 times
  @minorusan: 1 times
  @RealSkeletor: 1 times
  @kittster: 1 times
  @VegasWholesale: 1 times
pipster55 mentions:
  @gta86: 1 times
  @JKim16: 1 times
  @EmilieClarke: 1 times
  @KettlebellWall: 1 times
  @joshhanagarne@pizzatugos: 1 times
  @bbyork: 1 times
maumekim mentions:
  @heykim: 1 times
  @Knot2serious: 1 times
champigny mentions:
  @rsonline: 1 times
  @dietcentral: 1 times
  @JoelOsborne: 1 times
  @PLRContent: 1 times
tuism mentions:
  @HomeBuddies: 2 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @Tuism: 1 times
  @c: 1 times
zanekins mentions:
  @MLAS: 1 times
  @eTraxx: 1 times
  @hippership: 1 times
  @Kidranger: 1 times
  @jakematic: 1 times
  @ConservativeGal: 1 times
  @skinnyhorse: 1 times
  @augustine25: 1 times
  @Vader101: 1 times
  @WOTN: 1 times
paganvixen mentions:
  @Monkfishy: 1 times
  @ltdanchoi: 1 times
katsmitt21 mentions:
  @RichardBejah: 2 times
  @tap29followfriday: 1 times
  @DLWilsonsWorld: 1 times
  @theabundantgift: 1 times
  @tap29: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @vene2ia: 1 times
  @EMarke: 1 times
scottybeane mentions:
  @MATT369: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 1 times
  @ChrisRudd: 1 times
  @Jemfyr: 1 times
  @civlee: 1 times
  @JoeGigantino: 1 times
  @rodneyarvid: 1 times
  @AwesomeInchLoss: 1 times
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @: 1 times
alexisebasttien mentions:
  @USNretired: 1 times
  @shalnev: 1 times
  @TransformersWeb: 1 times
  @davorado: 1 times
  @AlexiSebasttien: 1 times
adrian_ma mentions:
  @sarei: 1 times
  @Eckstatic: 1 times
  @rohner: 1 times
  @FlahDesign: 1 times
  @designosophy: 1 times
  @JackHowell: 1 times
  @adrianma: 1 times
  @formula623: 1 times
  @kimbolina: 1 times
wubanger5 mentions:
  @Maumekim: 1 times
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
javafitcoffee mentions:
  @mhbpt: 1 times
  @StayGolden13: 1 times
  @tuttle88: 1 times
  @subzero77: 1 times
  @DirtyBum: 1 times
  @mickeygomez: 1 times
lee_garland mentions:
  @DiemarNoble: 1 times
chiaopi mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
justingriggs mentions:
  @jododds: 1 times
aaronarnwine mentions:
  @shawnrainey: 1 times
  @aaronarnwine: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @DealertainerCU: 1 times
kellylynn73 mentions:
  @TimothyBlack: 1 times
analoguepixels mentions:
  @AnaloguePixels: 1 times
  @fudgegraphics: 1 times
  @redbull: 1 times
  @imjustcreative: 1 times
lesleydewar mentions:
  @YourChessCoach: 1 times
elsietxy mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @KarlNorman: 1 times
  @Elsietxy: 1 times
  @lacyleathers: 1 times
  @ajfedor: 1 times
dundeeomaha mentions:
  @dundeeomaha: 1 times
  @The1020Omaha: 1 times
  @scoutdrygoods: 1 times
  @eCreamery: 1 times
  @Goldbergs: 1 times
  @DundeeTheatre: 1 times
  @OHKA1: 1 times
followkc mentions:
  @FortuneC00kie: 1 times
  @ChPR: 1 times
  @alexafrend: 1 times
  @ChArt: 1 times
  @angelarden: 1 times
doofusdanf1fan mentions:
  @SarahAnnGreen: 1 times
  @caronlindsayf1might: 1 times
  @wilw: 1 times
taylorroyce mentions:
  @enviablelife: 1 times
  @abiolatv: 1 times
  @TaylorRoyce: 1 times
maellehir mentions:
  @LYonenFrance: 1 times
  @lyonalacarte: 1 times
  @sirchamallow: 1 times
  @OnlyLyon: 1 times
  @croixrousse: 1 times
  @MaelLeHir: 1 times
cindymaccramer mentions:
  @MelissaEGilbert: 1 times
  @darlington57you: 1 times
maberdour mentions:
  @LadySiren: 2 times
  @maberdour: 1 times
  @limofoundation: 1 times
  @jeremychone: 1 times
  @mjasay: 1 times
invisiblegal mentions:
  @5357311: 1 times
  @BBCMusicMag: 1 times
  @Robintheoffice: 1 times
  @rolytaylor: 1 times
  @dbtoub: 1 times
  @elliotcole: 1 times
  @HurdAudio: 1 times
  @HallmanComposer: 1 times
  @Pattyboe: 1 times
artistico mentions:
  @bellamiabeads: 1 times
  @meowkiki: 1 times
  @FiraMarina: 1 times
  @OliviaOlivia13followfriday: 1 times
ecjulie mentions:
  @aureliom: 1 times
  @franci: 1 times
  @dsmy: 1 times
  @hashwordpress: 1 times
  @ammonty: 1 times
  @ElMonte08: 1 times
  @francislam: 1 times
  @ecj: 1 times
soulseekah mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
lerey mentions:
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @MoneySideUp: 1 times
  @a02toyota: 1 times
  @LeRey: 1 times
  @rightinvention: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @Toltecjohn: 1 times
  @beebrewer: 1 times
aadilpitafi mentions:
  @PeterPek: 1 times
tngrassroots mentions:
  @stubbornfacts: 1 times
cameronk_uk mentions:
  @majbloor: 1 times
  @ernibob: 1 times
lostsoup mentions:
analyticaldiva mentions:
  @AnalyticalDiva: 1 times
  @TooCooL747: 1 times
  @mmangen: 1 times
  @mikehanes: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @DavidKing: 1 times
  @DrDinaSadik: 1 times
  @DigiMediaMavens: 1 times
irtiza mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
afyministries mentions:
  @RealSolutions22: 1 times
  @PennCareerServ: 1 times
  @OneJobHunter: 1 times
  @CareerU: 1 times
  @jtodonnell: 1 times
  @CAREEREALISM: 1 times
  @heatherhuhman: 1 times
dateamarine mentions:
  @4keysmedia: 1 times
lpetrone1 mentions:
  @jaedadewalt: 1 times
  @AnointedArts: 1 times
  @alessandrafusi: 1 times
  @amandapalmer: 1 times
  @paintedSHOES: 1 times
  @lpetrone1: 1 times
  @cappysue: 1 times
beto10 mentions:
  @mateuspontes: 1 times
  @loverox: 1 times
  @valreiss: 1 times
  @manuelzinho100: 1 times
  @Beto10: 1 times
  @nagueva: 1 times
  @dulcetti: 1 times
  @arthurhr: 1 times
  @revolucaoetc: 1 times
lezzymom mentions:
coachbarrow mentions:
  @marketingkate: 1 times
mskalyn mentions:
  @Tammyturn: 1 times
magnifeco mentions:
  @troved: 1 times
  @myweboflife: 1 times
  @magnifeco: 1 times
  @anniesorganics: 1 times
  @analeiatienza: 1 times
sapphirevelvet mentions:
  @ZAGrrl: 2 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @vmcconville: 1 times
  @allan1010: 1 times
  @CoachLee: 1 times
  @sylviaspencer: 1 times
  @SapphireVelvet: 1 times
medianew mentions:
personar mentions:
  @FengShuiTips4u: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @FengShuiTips4U: 1 times
  @Sparkal: 1 times
  @DamasoD: 1 times
  @ecjake: 1 times
  @Descartes1: 1 times
  @personar: 1 times
babybonanza mentions:
  @mphillibert: 1 times
  @megzseattle: 1 times
  @whatawebsite: 1 times
hazelgoddess mentions:
  @KarlNova: 1 times
jareddwhite mentions:
  @EstherHavens: 1 times
  @charitywater: 1 times
  @scottharrison: 1 times
  @beckystraw: 1 times
  @bloodwater: 1 times
  @lifewater: 1 times
  @lifelinefund: 1 times
  @jareddwhite: 1 times
meridianh mentions:
  @pilarstella: 1 times
pamelagrow mentions:
  @Mastocytosis: 1 times
  @texascoastal: 1 times
blogocorp mentions:
richowings mentions:
  @mellies: 1 times
thejazzdiva mentions:
  @alawine: 1 times
  @topsidewines: 1 times
  @WOSACanada: 1 times
  @thejazzdiva: 1 times
  @domaine547: 1 times
  @cdavies1975: 1 times
  @Carouselfla: 1 times
  @TopWineNews: 1 times
  @tha: 1 times
laikas mentions:
juliamccutchen mentions:
  @sharoneden: 1 times
  @JuliaMcCutchen: 1 times
php_shell mentions:
  @helensgallery: 1 times
  @KeyKnowHow: 1 times
  @benoa: 1 times
  @JanGeronimo: 1 times
  @Bluenscottish: 1 times
  @RositaCortez: 1 times
  @SEONOW: 1 times
selfsymmetry mentions:
  @NTFFC: 1 times
  @ChrisRudd: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
thefutureisred mentions:
  @JonsRoom: 1 times
  @nicebio: 1 times
alanlupiani mentions:
  @MaxMillerMusic: 1 times
  @flippy10: 1 times
  @recordclub: 1 times
  @tomgreenlive: 1 times
  @sevinnyne6126: 1 times
  @smifelton: 1 times
  @musicloverchick: 1 times
  @alanlupiani: 1 times
  @robsheridan: 1 times
aj2000 mentions:
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
brj1212 mentions:
  @manongdave: 1 times
  @aradasky: 1 times
  @JaneEJohnson: 1 times
  @gotoguydotcom: 1 times
  @TraderGPS: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @yalebot: 1 times
  @LadyArubiana: 1 times
gotoguydotcom mentions:
  @manongdave: 1 times
  @aradasky: 1 times
  @JaneEJohnson: 1 times
  @gotoguydotcom: 1 times
  @TraderGPS: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @yalebot: 1 times
  @LadyArubiana: 1 times
denvertwitr mentions:
  @RedheadWriting: 1 times
  @darkheath: 1 times
  @JeromeShaw: 1 times
humaneca mentions:
  @Baileylou: 1 times
  @MiloFoundation: 1 times
  @SaveABunny: 1 times
  @DogsInDanger: 1 times
  @sfspca: 1 times
  @petethevet: 1 times
  @wildliferescues: 1 times
  @lala0000: 1 times
  @animalrescuers: 1 times
devbyjustin mentions:
  @yellowperilist: 1 times
  @RossArntson: 1 times
  @IntriguingDs: 1 times
  @ebaylovers: 1 times
  @brandoneculture: 1 times
  @unkleEL: 1 times
  @devbyjustin: 1 times
  @ShontelSherrea: 1 times
  @YITTY585: 1 times
mrken777 mentions:
awriterafoot mentions:
  @kirkusreviews: 1 times
  @thebookseller: 1 times
marketingpro13 mentions:
  @FredCamposJr: 1 times
  @PaulSchwend: 1 times
  @twittychins: 1 times
dr_zu mentions:
  @Nopatria: 1 times
midatlanticbio mentions:
  @Labconco: 1 times
  @MoldBacteria: 1 times
  @ChemEuropeCOM: 1 times
  @LuisEnrique09: 1 times
  @midatlanticbio: 1 times
evilgenius333 mentions:
  @jcx27: 1 times
  @dhskee: 1 times
  @AvantiDriving: 1 times
  @bflosigngirl: 1 times
  @k6o: 1 times
  @cbai: 1 times
  @sbrondum: 1 times
wootboot mentions:
  @temptingmama: 1 times
  @IamChrisMann: 1 times
renataruiz mentions:
  @meninascommodas: 1 times
aleeth mentions:
  @ShelliCindberg: 1 times
  @aleeth: 1 times
  @ianrobbo: 1 times
  @ALopezMazcunan: 1 times
  @HeatherSimsons: 1 times
virtualjean mentions:
  @karlgoldfield: 1 times
  @VirtualJean: 1 times
naived mentions:
  @Kirti: 1 times
preciousjewl24 mentions:
  @davidj505: 1 times
  @WillJasper: 1 times
  @sjean70: 1 times
  @Preciousjewl24: 1 times
  @darealtreboogie: 1 times
goddesspower mentions:
  @sondrafaye: 1 times
  @BruceBrownNC: 1 times
  @lorimcneeartist: 1 times
cmolino mentions:
  @mcspazotron: 1 times
laura_landacre mentions:
  @Marielhemingway: 1 times
  @DonnaLex: 1 times
  @skipzilla: 1 times
  @10Beyond: 1 times
  @RockingtheRobin: 1 times
  @ohdannyboy: 1 times
  @dirtydann101: 1 times
  @BrettCoppol: 1 times
bohemiangeek mentions:
  @ACRead: 1 times
  @sciencegoddess: 1 times
  @artlinkgallery: 1 times
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
  @Gilannie: 1 times
  @hahakseth: 1 times
  @gennerd: 1 times
mljadoptions mentions:
  @NutritiousFeast: 1 times
  @clhoffman: 1 times
  @ChoosingChange: 1 times
  @KristenColeRD: 1 times
recruiterbill mentions:
  @kfjelsted: 1 times
  @ericrumsey: 1 times
  @RecruiterBill: 1 times
  @hashajax: 1 times
leedsem mentions:
  @LolaHedoOnline: 1 times
  @Nachhi: 1 times
  @bellaeast: 1 times
  @stripperthief: 1 times
christe1 mentions:
savvyplanners_c mentions:
  @Cherilnc: 1 times
  @savvyplannersc: 1 times
aug1698 mentions:
  @ruhanirabin: 1 times
  @josephranseth: 1 times
kaos527 mentions:
  @tishtish: 1 times
  @dave256: 1 times
  @xseanxlongx: 1 times
  @kaos527: 1 times
  @jnoelle: 1 times
  @bubbles86: 1 times
  @jpsalamanca: 1 times
  @cynbin20: 1 times
  @omgseriouslywtf: 1 times
wayneshort mentions:
  @ecoratt: 1 times
  @JoshSterling: 1 times
nc_seo mentions:
  @MattSiltala: 1 times
  @AnnieCushing: 1 times
tuxzek mentions:
  @RobStepCoaching: 1 times
srtabia mentions:
  @guimaboy: 1 times
  @eaguiar1970: 1 times
  @penas: 1 times
  @jdborges: 1 times
  @liahack: 1 times
  @narotadorock: 1 times
  @Nikika: 1 times
  @mastercelo: 1 times
jlp4u3 mentions:
  @dragonblogger: 1 times
  @MeghnaK: 1 times
  @Zorlone: 1 times
  @KathrynVercillo: 1 times
  @JenaIsle: 1 times
  @reginasuniverse: 1 times
  @BenSpark: 1 times
  @jlp4u3: 1 times
  @santasdevil: 1 times
joecase mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
tashanbailey mentions:
  @MrMailman: 1 times
  @iowadawg: 1 times
  @pamkayks: 1 times
  @tashanbailey: 1 times
  @jnyobe48: 1 times
  @In10tionologist: 1 times
joycassell mentions:
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @BalboaPark: 1 times
  @tweetytools: 1 times
  @joycassell: 1 times
  @NeenoB: 1 times
mocinha mentions:
va1d1v1a mentions:
  @IntelEric: 1 times
  @b3ccalynn: 1 times
inkcanada mentions:
  @creehawk: 1 times
  @Sawennatson: 1 times
  @easterndoor: 1 times
  @UrbanNativeGirl: 1 times
  @elAzteca: 1 times
  @theblueskye: 1 times
  @BirdMan29: 1 times
  @womanhunter: 1 times
uso_of_illinois mentions:
  @musicalnomad: 1 times
nufuturemedia mentions:
  @nukirk: 1 times
nukirk mentions:
  @nukirk: 1 times
thoughtremixer mentions:
  @nukirk: 1 times
aroundharlem mentions:
  @nukirk: 1 times
curbmarket mentions:
  @freshfromFL: 2 times
  @CurbMarket: 1 times
  @EditorAtPM: 1 times
  @HarvestMark: 1 times
  @healthyschools: 1 times
ble__talisca mentions:
tanyaashwood mentions:
  @amruth92: 1 times
  @tanyaashwood: 1 times
  @rereality: 1 times
  @streetpete: 1 times
tsunshinelove mentions:
  @joqatana: 1 times
  @urbanlibertine: 1 times
  @MILFaliciousOne: 1 times
  @slutmomo: 1 times
emofreealan mentions:
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @yourimpact: 1 times
waswoolston mentions:
  @xdevinnbabyy: 1 times
brandelion mentions:
  @xorsyst: 1 times
  @Melindir: 1 times
studio85 mentions:
  @Elliene: 1 times
amishprimitives mentions:
  @frelle: 1 times
buddinggenius mentions:
  @flawnt: 1 times
carry41 mentions:
  @justananomaly: 1 times
  @qutequte: 1 times
  @starrchylde: 1 times
  @dilpickle1: 1 times
  @nexeus: 1 times
  @shannonseek: 1 times
  @r27: 1 times
  @kurtismarsh: 1 times
  @rexharrislive: 1 times
  @instruisto: 1 times
colonelb mentions:
  @mlamendola: 1 times
  @S2CEOKimKleeman: 1 times
  @HannahSJohnson: 1 times
  @kjarrett: 1 times
  @colonelb: 1 times
  @jpostonday: 1 times
billsaffiliates mentions:
  @danieljames77: 1 times
  @applefinder: 1 times
iambigbrother2 mentions:
  @jamesbuckley: 1 times
egoebelbecker mentions:
akankshagoel mentions:
  @chiragnd: 1 times
  @mashable: 1 times
  @zappos: 1 times
  @Padmasree: 1 times
k3vinsmith mentions:
  @Zeke213: 1 times
  @slv35: 1 times
  @youngxquizit: 1 times
  @hollyhoffman: 1 times
  @k3vinsmith: 1 times
  @coffeetweet: 1 times
  @GregCooper: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @francismata: 1 times
laurakalbag mentions:
  @jonamelton: 1 times
thenetworkingqn mentions:
  @Whistletweet: 1 times
  @theNetworkingQn: 1 times
nomoreconfig mentions:
  @bkmacdaddy: 1 times
chelseabets mentions:
  @kerolinex: 1 times
  @burdoc: 1 times
  @aochiro: 1 times
  @wokiahu: 1 times
junni_vet mentions:
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @ersle: 1 times
rlanzara mentions:
  @americandream09: 1 times
  @rlanzara: 1 times
gypsynester mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
onmoonlightbay mentions:
  @Tomas57: 1 times
shunt6 mentions:
  @AllisonMoorer: 1 times
bluebonnetfield mentions:
  @nonnoenzo: 1 times
  @PixelProject: 1 times
  @djpoptart: 1 times
  @bluebonnetfield: 1 times
  @BraveryProject: 1 times
  @King: 1 times
teresakitten mentions:
  @danielhautjobb: 1 times
  @RichGolisch: 1 times
c_go mentions:
  @TheCWReaper: 1 times
  @DougBenson: 1 times
  @kasualbrother1: 1 times
  @pennjillette: 1 times
  @MrTeller: 1 times
  @SmooveSalsero: 1 times
joebkobe mentions:
  @astrowebgirl: 1 times
royking3 mentions:
  @EnergyCircle: 1 times
  @microsofthohm: 1 times
century22 mentions:
  @achampag: 1 times
  @therealsnark: 1 times
yay4puddin mentions:
  @scottsummit: 1 times
  @SaraLibbey: 1 times
  @LuckyLobos: 1 times
scribblegurl mentions:
  @Supernola1: 1 times
southerngardens mentions:
  @oreokingis: 1 times
danielaakiko mentions:
  @rlara15: 1 times
betharnold mentions:
  @PatriciaVance: 1 times
home_rowed mentions:
  @BPMmagazine: 1 times
nadianassif mentions:
  @NealSchaffer: 1 times
johnpapola mentions:
  @puffaddering: 1 times
  @zachswartz: 1 times
  @EWall: 1 times
  @TommyStedham: 1 times
  @BillDupray: 1 times
  @: 1 times
adreport mentions:
  @MastermindPower: 1 times
  @ProsperousMind: 1 times
  @shockwaveprofit: 1 times
  @steveb2u: 1 times
sirzac mentions:
  @teresadf: 1 times
nannette1094 mentions:
  @DeniseHammock: 1 times
  @nannette1094: 1 times
  @cocoloveysoul: 1 times
  @maggieostara: 1 times
  @ShelbyCollinge: 1 times
  @CarolRiddickRDU: 1 times
heifer mentions:
  @CTRNetwork: 1 times
  @ChrisGorham: 1 times
unilove mentions:
  @sloane: 1 times
  @brainwise: 1 times
  @bhinn: 1 times
  @unilove: 1 times
  @gladperez: 1 times
  @andrewlin: 1 times
  @calliemiller: 1 times
  @follownathan: 1 times
ahhsnapp mentions:
laurzilla mentions:
joaoduarte mentions:
  @psorocha: 1 times
nhlarenacoyotes mentions:
  @omnimutant: 1 times
  @NHLArenaDucks: 1 times
  @SelanneGirl: 1 times
pedro420 mentions:
  @azskt: 1 times
godismyrock mentions:
  @lspearmanii: 1 times
  @VenusDoom13: 1 times
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
special904 mentions:
  @davidj505: 1 times
  @MrDeasTGE: 1 times
  @special904Preciate: 1 times
taowizard mentions:
  @JordanKeats: 1 times
  @Catherinerott: 1 times
  @TanDaoKungFu: 1 times
  @CameronQuinn: 1 times
  @JulesQuilts: 1 times
  @HaumanaDao: 1 times
  @Kaijah: 1 times
  @JessInChina: 1 times
jamaicanchula mentions:
  @MARCOME: 1 times
  @JamaicanChula: 1 times
  @Ph1lm: 1 times
  @MiraclesGoddess: 1 times
  @ZnaTrainer: 1 times
  @MichelleStewart: 1 times
  @bizwhig: 1 times
  @EnergizeSpirit: 1 times
optinmarketing mentions:
  @snowbunnyinPC: 1 times
  @OptinMarketing: 1 times
  @ERSENT: 1 times
  @DarylHill: 1 times
  @Noelmacrylos: 1 times
ftmama mentions:
  @bestprobiotics: 1 times
collegebloggers mentions:
  @Nontrads: 1 times
  @AdmissionsInfo: 1 times
  @collegeprowler: 1 times
  @aprilWAYM: 1 times
queenvspot mentions:
  @WhymenGrindin: 1 times
  @QueensOnly: 1 times
  @missvibrant: 1 times
  @tlee818: 1 times
  @queenvspot: 1 times
  @adamsconsulting: 1 times
  @WaToDo: 1 times
  @johnmccrea: 1 times
  @ambmuzic: 1 times
stevekloyda mentions:
  @RonaldWilsher: 2 times
missmom57 mentions:
  @SilknPearls: 1 times
  @betterbatter: 1 times
  @GFSteph: 1 times
  @FoodFiltr: 1 times
  @donnareeve: 1 times
  @LivingGF: 1 times
  @Aleias: 1 times
  @fidget: 1 times
tanenglishrose mentions:
  @travisb93: 1 times
  @imbeeyo: 1 times
  @centerpet: 1 times
  @luvtosparkle: 1 times
  @tanenglishrose: 1 times
  @lizrose91: 1 times
  @jamesptyler: 1 times
  @letsdance08: 1 times
  @KLHI: 1 times
extremeezine mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
agelessjen mentions:
  @ZitaGustin: 1 times
hotmamabrew mentions:
  @LilMsSweetness: 1 times
  @koolrazychic: 1 times
  @aliholden: 1 times
  @mouthygirl: 1 times
  @fackingmatylda: 1 times
  @mumofsix: 1 times
  @AutsP: 1 times
  @glitzyorbit: 1 times
caligirl976 mentions:
  @reneehendricks: 1 times
  @caligirl976: 1 times
gohewitt mentions:
  @VAinParadise: 1 times
  @CASAssetMgmnt: 1 times
1dollarhosting mentions:
  @jccarjac: 2 times
  @ElizObihFrankFollowFriday: 1 times
  @DoinaIuga: 1 times
  @DorothyNed: 1 times
  @1dol: 1 times
ganee mentions:
brunoaranguizrs mentions:
  @georgemacedo: 1 times
  @huckluciano: 1 times
floralmask mentions:
  @SherylBreuker: 1 times
  @JvHelleman: 1 times
  @straightstreet: 1 times
trobinbills mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @AnishDave: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @M320Consulting: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
txaw mentions:
  @TheExpert: 1 times
ancaautistic mentions:
  @ElizObihFrank: 1 times
  @AnishDave: 1 times
  @HawaiianKiko: 1 times
  @teamwinnipeg: 1 times
  @starlingpoet: 1 times
  @M320Consulting: 1 times
  @TeddySalad: 1 times
  @DionGeBorde: 1 times
rainfosys mentions:
  @JeffreySummers: 1 times
mystorytown mentions:
  @MommyKennedy: 1 times
  @SpendLessTV: 1 times
  @EternalAmour: 1 times
  @PeaceLoveMom: 1 times
  @LizWeston: 1 times
  @TotallyToni: 1 times
  @dpbkmb: 1 times
  @MyStoryTown: 1 times
  @NewYorkChica: 1 times
bcahill mentions:
  @OhMichael: 1 times
digiscrapads mentions:
  @kalodesigns: 1 times
  @DigiScrapAds: 1 times
  @DigiScrapDepot: 1 times
  @sweetmade: 1 times
  @JayaPremHangout: 1 times
  @sweetdigiscraps: 1 times
echoshack mentions:
  @DXStore: 1 times
  @chrismatthieu: 1 times
  @innismir: 1 times
  @SCDXC: 1 times
  @DXConvention: 1 times
  @kd0bik: 1 times
  @ICOMElmer: 1 times
  @PhilipG: 1 times
tweetsrule mentions:
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @jakethebeagle: 1 times
  @DietsCentral: 1 times
  @TweetsRule: 1 times
  @OhBriBri: 1 times
  @southplatte: 1 times
  @TweetTechno: 1 times
  @lifecruise: 1 times
  @models: 1 times
treesokhuijsen mentions:
  @twisst: 1 times
eatingschool mentions:
  @FoodTravelDiva: 1 times
  @foodista: 1 times
  @mylastbite: 1 times
  @EatingSchool: 1 times
  @5forks: 1 times
  @CiaoLaura: 1 times
maxie mentions:
  @JamesRivers: 1 times
aussiegal999 mentions:
  @JayceKay: 1 times
otciii mentions:
  @drdisaia: 1 times
hicere mentions:
  @BlueVoda: 1 times
snookie007 mentions:
  @brenda5316: 1 times
commonchick mentions:
  @ExperiencingGod: 1 times
  @KristenPajama: 1 times
  @ericamity: 1 times
  @KCWComm: 1 times
pjbeyer mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
angeloro mentions:
  @filippocioni: 1 times
  @angeloro: 1 times
  @amoilcaffe: 1 times
three_ten mentions:
  @MaryBeallAdler: 1 times
susancohan mentions:
  @Gardenwiseguy: 1 times
elvisofdallas mentions:
  @imajyn: 1 times
turkeysaladboy mentions:
  @MikeyTWolf: 1 times
omerta3 mentions:
  @MikeyTWolf: 1 times
riskin mentions:
  @jatyhep: 1 times
arunkamath02 mentions:
  @diseaseaday: 1 times
cleverdaisies mentions:
  @tmcbForex: 1 times
  @ofmercy: 1 times
  @MarthasNotary: 1 times
kai_wen mentions:
  @TheaterLackey: 1 times
  @jimonlight: 1 times
  @travisbedard: 1 times
  @DaveCharest: 1 times
  @hugoverweij: 1 times
  @agirling: 1 times
  @CarlBMI: 1 times
  @soundman460: 1 times
rachelcapil mentions:
  @ByronNewMedia: 1 times
iranourbrothers mentions:
  @huge: 1 times
  @iranourbrothers: 1 times
lplatetweets mentions:
  @JackAMarriott: 2 times
  @LplateTweets: 1 times
  @ReikiMoon: 1 times
  @Shannygeers: 1 times
muttbutt mentions:
  @iget2work: 1 times
  @MuttButt: 1 times
napafarmhouse mentions:
  @mamaliga: 1 times
  @zoebakes: 1 times
  @foodieguide: 1 times
  @elleskitchen: 1 times
  @LondonEater: 1 times
  @Lynzforcestir: 1 times
  @ARoadRetraveled@Savorysweetlife: 1 times
  @napafarmhouse: 1 times
yvonnebynoe mentions:
  @lauracampbell: 1 times
  @yvonnebynoe: 1 times
wearemarketing mentions:
  @brog21: 1 times
  @WeAreMarketing: 1 times
  @Uniq84: 1 times
  @Celevision: 1 times
  @djmarvilous: 1 times
  @elyrosenstock: 1 times
  @latinasweetie: 1 times
  @KMarcel: 1 times
  @MaverickGuy: 1 times
  @AnnaKucher: 1 times
henleygeorgie_ mentions:
  @KarinaAlejandra: 1 times
  @el: 1 times
kmhughes23 mentions:
  @BobLally: 1 times
  @sportspicksfree: 1 times
  @Laughandlearn: 1 times
  @kmhughes23: 1 times
  @craighuff: 1 times
delilah_b mentions:
  @JustUs303: 1 times
  @OnelinerNick: 1 times
  @BrettGreene: 1 times
  @JimmyPoodle: 1 times
  @JennyJenJen: 1 times
  @lionzlionz: 1 times
  @coyotecolorado: 1 times
  @WidespreadPanic: 1 times
  @cwylieO: 1 times
jaycosnett mentions:
  @HaveYouEmerged: 1 times
  @SDO: 1 times
  @jaycosnett: 1 times
artbygenevieve mentions:
  @hugostyle: 1 times
  @nicas828: 1 times
  @djstrikeitup: 1 times
fbdater mentions:
wah4life mentions:
  @djleenieman: 1 times
  @jaype: 1 times
  @: 1 times
  @karenwilliams: 1 times
spyder_trap mentions:
  @sjhalestorm: 1 times
  @SpyderTrap: 1 times
therealfattony mentions:
  @GaneshImports@Porturtle: 1 times
  @SagesOfRPG: 1 times
  @NewHeights: 1 times
  @PortsmouthTweet: 1 times
dylamara mentions:
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @YGrab: 1 times
  @kelvinringold: 1 times
  @samanthaplatt: 1 times
  @dylamara: 1 times
njmovingguy mentions:
  @Carelea: 1 times
  @ProfessionalOne: 1 times
  @joyful76: 1 times
  @njmovingguy: 1 times
  @garybondurant: 1 times
  @writerchic: 1 times
docomomo_mn mentions:
  @mnartistsdotorg: 1 times
  @aiamn: 1 times
  @walkerartcenter: 1 times
  @A: 1 times
victorarle mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
raulmangolin mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
catarinaherrera mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
doott mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
sararodolfo mentions:
sweetcarol mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @victorarle: 1 times
igorxavier mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
dionaldo mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
bellabrendler mentions:
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
obitow mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
paulalopesss mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
gabiandrade mentions:
  @rosana: 1 times
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
shannoetry mentions:
  @Boiarski: 1 times
  @Astartiel: 1 times
  @handfulofstones: 1 times
  @roxmarox: 1 times
  @theelfinpoet: 1 times
  @yingko4: 1 times
  @twihaiku: 1 times
  @shannoetry: 1 times
  @kateharrison: 1 times
  @taylorxanne: 1 times
vampiredomo mentions:
  @DoctorHu: 1 times
  @VampireDomo: 1 times
timeoutmom mentions:
  @lesperk: 1 times
  @MomGYB: 1 times
  @LoriMoreno: 1 times
steeleworthy mentions:
  @audrawilliams: 1 times
  @reportscanada: 1 times
gleaningharvest mentions:
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
wtbentley mentions:
  @TheOnion: 1 times
1pb mentions:
  @GleaningHarvest: 1 times
  @heartofwisdom: 1 times
intrahostfeed mentions:
ronnypassarge mentions:
adoniasjunior mentions:
  @patybortolotto: 1 times
balaxita mentions:
  @dospires: 2 times
  @flafaisal: 1 times
  @dannymorena: 1 times
  @colorfuldreams: 1 times
  @raafaael1984: 1 times
  @rodneydrummer: 1 times
  @Ronayb: 1 times
  @vinnizinhow: 1 times
  @oAdvogado: 1 times
mintedselective mentions:
  @LegalOut: 1 times
  @MintedSelective: 1 times
  @lgbtlife: 1 times
  @davidbadash: 1 times
  @queerunity: 1 times
  @TGworldNews: 1 times
cpkiii mentions:
  @AffectTheNoise: 1 times
duncanresourceg mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @EMarketingGuru: 1 times
  @repsaway: 1 times
  @chattyducky: 1 times
  @duncanresourceg: 1 times
  @erikhablum: 1 times
lucy_spoiledgsd mentions:
  @Getconfident: 1 times
alechandracomx mentions:
  @hansguro: 1 times
  @marciaimperator: 1 times
sesiegler mentions:
  @JohnCarnell: 1 times
mtkd3 mentions:
  @technicavitaEvery: 1 times
mindig mentions:
  @mindig: 1 times
  @hahe4: 1 times
  @fullerl: 1 times
  @LSchmeck: 1 times
  @dharrison58@SLaramee: 1 times
warplanes_rock mentions:
  @kevinrjacoby: 1 times
wysefyre mentions:
  @wilderowens: 1 times
chefs_resource mentions:
summerslife mentions:
rachelyne mentions:
  @Amirh: 1 times
  @garytomwilliams: 1 times
  @rachelyne: 1 times
  @skylos: 1 times
  @zenhabits: 1 times
  @junal: 1 times
  @azarbad: 1 times
carolgiambri mentions:
  @JilliAnthemetteFollowFriday: 1 times
  @ArnaudJacobs: 1 times
  @BrentwGraham: 1 times
  @PhiveFotography: 1 times
  @SheilafightsEB: 1 times
zoesilkyterrier mentions:
  @SatsugaiCat: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
kohmahts mentions:
  @KellyThomas: 1 times
  @Kohmahts: 1 times
mpfeil mentions:
  @FerdinandvR: 1 times
atownley mentions:
  @sourcePOV: 1 times
nikkipilkington mentions:
  @grahamjones: 1 times
  @NikkiPilkington: 1 times
davidwalkertv mentions:
  @rechargelife: 1 times
  @DavidWalkerTV: 1 times
bizshrink mentions:
  @rickross10: 1 times
  @JoyceLayman: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @bizshrink: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @KitCooper: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
  @willardcmorgan3: 1 times
pdaphonetv mentions:
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
retwitd mentions:
  @DavidWalkerTV: 1 times
  @Wiitte: 1 times
  @Silverl: 1 times
larrykevin mentions:
  @MsFitUniverse: 1 times
  @kierantong: 1 times
  @AlohaArleen: 1 times
  @NaniWaialeale: 1 times
  @larrykevin: 1 times
  @TACVWDRIVER: 1 times
kperry4wits mentions:
  @lizisaacslwc: 1 times
jeffnat mentions:
  @Fiduciary360: 1 times
initiatesystems mentions:
  @dataqualitypro: 1 times
nathaliaaso mentions:
  @alecao: 1 times
jerryjose7 mentions:
  @FreshDigits: 1 times
  @rahulharidas4u: 1 times
  @ArunBasilLal: 1 times
jsamt mentions:
  @coilifescience: 1 times
portiadacosta mentions:
  @LizUK: 1 times
  @eburypublishing: 1 times
kevinfentonbiz mentions:
  @katjaib: 1 times
jaynemcc mentions:
  @animallounge: 1 times
  @JayneMcc: 1 times
eumagine mentions:
  @KevinSlack: 1 times
drradicais mentions:
  @twitanya: 1 times
smallbizprxpert mentions:
  @Amandablum: 1 times
james_rpm mentions:
  @CIOforumSA: 1 times
mommadefoods mentions:
  @safekidsusa: 1 times
  @Dealectiblemom: 1 times
  @stormieskyes: 1 times
cathybrennan mentions:
  @bacieabbracci: 1 times
beliefnetworks mentions:
  @CodySperber: 1 times
  @BeliefNetworks: 1 times
  @tbirdcymru: 1 times
  @Nivek672802: 1 times
  @FitBusyPeople: 1 times
jdavis_harte mentions:
  @adaptick: 1 times
coolguygreg mentions:
  @musicpup: 1 times
  @davidspies: 1 times
  @gotimeseattle: 1 times
  @kickabear: 1 times
  @productionboys: 1 times
  @jennypurr: 1 times
amy_andrews mentions:
  @WestEndWitch: 1 times
  @Redscarf: 1 times
  @GeneralRambler: 1 times
  @WestEndUpdates: 1 times
  @totallytheatre: 1 times
itsconsiderate mentions:
  @HoopTWho: 1 times
  @waterdropblog: 1 times
trueb1tch mentions:
  @tremendousnews: 1 times
  @MileyCyrus: 1 times
typertist mentions:
  @BJMendelson: 1 times
ecostrategy mentions:
  @gaz2002: 1 times
  @scruss: 1 times
  @laforet: 1 times
  @HoldemTalkRadio: 1 times
  @ecostrategy: 1 times
  @earthfare: 1 times
eusouatoa mentions:
carlossaldanao mentions:
edlovessumo mentions:
  @DigitalBlue: 1 times
twseido mentions:
  @AOChiro: 1 times
  @SirAlmo: 1 times
  @piazee: 1 times
  @becka316: 1 times
  @Budor: 1 times
  @SouthMicro: 1 times
  @Angelnc: 1 times
  @dredjennings: 1 times
  @QuantumGood: 1 times
rickross10 mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @JoyceLayman: 1 times
  @SharonHayes: 1 times
  @bizshrink: 1 times
  @wallybock: 1 times
  @KitCooper: 1 times
  @paula721: 1 times
  @willardcmorgan3: 1 times
nowsourcing mentions:
  @micah: 1 times
teal64 mentions:
  @technicavita: 1 times
jamesashton20 mentions:
  @bookmom: 1 times
yodspica_super mentions:
  @TwibeBuilder: 1 times
  @chaosbloedsinn: 1 times
  @johnlwray: 1 times
  @SiamakMemarian: 1 times
playequalspeace mentions:
  @ZitaGustin: 1 times
  @GinaODaniel: 1 times
  @playequalspeace: 1 times
  @darlingray: 1 times
  @annachoi: 1 times
  @AnnaHardy: 1 times
  @LIEvans: 1 times
foodandstyle mentions:
  @RenaissGourmet: 1 times
growingbean mentions:
  @viralmarketmom: 1 times
keepidahogreen mentions:
  @gahrealmonsters: 1 times
crayoladeuva mentions:
christianmp3 mentions:
  @gjindrich: 1 times
  @ConservativeGirl: 1 times
  @christianmp3: 1 times
  @OhMichael: 1 times
  @djleenieman: 1 times
  @soullathe: 1 times
  @lindseymalone: 1 times
midwestelitetec mentions:
  @allen1949: 1 times
  @allcash4homes: 1 times
  @elagrew: 1 times
  @VanceWalker: 1 times
  @ElyssaD: 1 times
  @wAOliver: 1 times
  @kev125: 1 times
  @RadioSRQ: 1 times
  @vegtv: 1 times
  @TrendyGolf: 1 times
  @acbednar: 1 times
petfriendly mentions:
  @WillMyDogHateMe: 1 times
  @MyPuppyPlanner: 1 times
  @SakeofAnimals: 1 times
  @Wigglebums: 1 times
  @petfriendly: 1 times
tamingthewolf mentions:
  @LivingRheum: 1 times
  @MissKibbles: 1 times
  @WorkWithIllness: 1 times
  @TamingtheWolf: 1 times
  @HanHouse: 1 times
alleninmaine mentions:
  @FFEvangelism: 1 times
herr_igor mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
lanaheater mentions:
  @WellnessDesign: 1 times
ninaneder mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
dudaa mentions:
  @iduardo: 1 times
  @poalli: 1 times
renata_cruz mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
hyldo mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
brgenovez mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
biancabala mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
flavoli mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
rythetechguy mentions:
  @AdobeTV: 1 times
  @LayersTVRC: 1 times
  @indesignmag: 1 times
  @acrogirl: 1 times
  @garazi: 1 times
  @pburnett: 1 times
anapads mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
thayna_p mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
kristinaawesome mentions:
  @ebrown2112: 1 times
fablasquez mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
gaetanebeaupre mentions:
  @crazyjohnkerecz: 1 times
eduardobuarque mentions:
  @poalli: 1 times
mr_atheist mentions:
  @askegg: 1 times
bethsteinberg mentions:
reebomber mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @reebomber: 7 times
  @reebom: 1 times
rhiannonldavies mentions:
  @trimmtrab: 1 times
  @realnickgriffin: 1 times
gaboiler07 mentions:
  @SavingEveryday: 1 times
kasyyoung mentions:
  @ReTweetCentral: 1 times
  @reebomber: 1 times
  @LooneyMesh: 1 times
  @2500group: 1 times
  @netventures: 1 times
  @kasyyoung: 1 times
lifestlmntmonth mentions:
  @kwfitzner: 1 times
  @angierobert: 1 times
ktkayontheblock mentions:
woodntap mentions:
  @EvanShawMumford: 1 times
valnelson mentions:
  @RositaCortez: 1 times
deand mentions:
  @lookadoo: 1 times
robynrstar mentions:
  @ndmusic: 1 times
  @: 1 times
shiveringkitten mentions:
  @RobLongert: 1 times
fangsbites mentions:
  @CharissaT: 1 times
dmalizia mentions:
  @dmalizia: 1 times
pianogeek mentions:
rmoffen mentions:
  @jeffcrab: 1 times
kintay mentions:
realworldchange mentions:
jongauthier mentions:
  @angelitofelix: 1 times
alicecristiny mentions:
  @oficialkellykey: 1 times
thaispontes mentions:
  @didif: 1 times
  @oficialkellykey: 1 times
wwgourmetfoods mentions:
  @FancyFoodInNYC: 1 times
  @savoragency: 1 times
  @FancyFoodMag: 1 times
  @WWGourmetFoods: 1 times
whitstable_twit mentions:
  @Deco5: 1 times
freelanceliz mentions:
  @Deco5: 1 times
lisafritts mentions:
psmith mentions:
  @garypine: 1 times
  @paidcontent: 1 times
  @moconews: 1 times
  @contentsutra: 1 times
  @paidcontentUK: 1 times
joey19912 mentions:
  @RSPCAofficial: 1 times
candynick mentions:
  @jmhruby: 1 times
andrewmueller mentions:
  @BuzzEdition: 1 times
hia1st mentions:
  @mashable: 1 times
  @tweetmeme: 1 times
davesegal mentions:
sukiebaxter mentions:
  @ZitaGustin: 1 times
  @sven3rd: 1 times
  @DrRobinRedd: 1 times
  @mvanherweg: 1 times
  @PSBJElizabeth: 1 times
  @SukieBaxter: 1 times
  @workinggirl: 1 times
lehawes mentions:
  @mkrigsman: 1 times
  @TechWomen: 1 times
quirkyblogger mentions:
omg_its_cera mentions:
speakingtech mentions:
  @emarketinguru: 1 times
  @brentnhunter: 1 times
bluestreak23 mentions:
  @phyllismufson: 1 times
  @HNatarajan: 1 times
rangerthelab mentions:
  @ReeseKitty: 2 times
  @Buddythereddog@samsy: 1 times
  @laddiethemutt: 1 times
  @rangerthelab: 1 times
adirondackmetal mentions:
bizballmaury mentions:
  @BrentSGambill: 1 times
penzonator mentions:
  @buster666: 1 times
senatorbrown mentions:
  @factotwit: 1 times
keekee73 mentions:
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @BillsAffiliates: 1 times
  @danieljames77: 1 times
  @applefinder: 1 times
jmadlena mentions:
  @elizagee: 1 times
  @stophunger: 1 times
shonalim mentions:
  @Suderbuzz: 1 times
  @shonalim: 1 times
  @pietrendy: 1 times
  @ramyakannan: 1 times
  @PrinceFreddy: 1 times
  @nanditasridhar: 1 times
  @praveenswami: 1 times
  @thekk: 1 times
  @seilyn: 1 times
pietrendy mentions:
  @shonalim: 1 times
  @Suderbuzz: 1 times
  @ramyakannan: 1 times
  @PrinceFreddy: 1 times
  @nanditasridhar: 1 times
  @praveenswami: 1 times
  @thekk: 1 times
  @seilyn: 1 times
seilyn mentions:
  @Suderbuzz: 1 times
  @shonalim: 1 times
  @pietrendy: 1 times
  @ramyakannan: 1 times
  @PrinceFreddy: 1 times
  @nanditasridhar: 1 times
  @praveenswami: 1 times
  @thekk: 1 times
maljar mentions:
  @Maljar: 1 times
swobass mentions:
  @dramabeats: 1 times
  @khathis: 1 times
jasna88 mentions:
  @appleworldwide: 1 times
  @applefinder: 1 times
zdn_liveperson mentions:
  @appleworldwide: 1 times
  @applefinder: 1 times
fearlessfactor mentions:
  @RevAnne1: 1 times
sueonmain mentions:
xanadubtherapy mentions:
  @GuyNGirlTravels: 1 times
hungrykryzzy mentions:
  @NickRich2: 1 times
nada_mohsen mentions:
  @SherineGamal: 1 times
brettgreene mentions:
  @Micah: 1 times
blueroofdesigns mentions:
  @LisaSonoraBeam: 1 times
  @jessiegirl: 1 times
  @papermusenat: 1 times
  @blueroofdesigns: 1 times
  @wildheartqueen: 1 times
jumcclure mentions:
  @DaddysToolbox: 1 times
  @HighTechDad: 1 times
  @jumcclure: 1 times
  @SpringhouseEduc: 1 times
  @TechMomsTalk: 1 times
drewellis mentions:
  @MrRickWaghorn: 1 times
  @mattwaring: 1 times
  @drewellis: 1 times
  @ChrisRoperZA: 1 times
ultimate_health mentions:
  @scottia: 1 times
  @changeseeker: 1 times
  @junucreations: 1 times
  @UltimateHealth: 1 times
  @scounder: 1 times
  @marieiris: 1 times
  @hashiphone: 1 times
  @scanman: 1 times
  @ChristinaLyons: 1 times
  @lupuschick: 1 times
_victor_ mentions:
  @politifact: 1 times
tifranca mentions:
  @taisampaio: 1 times
  @floresonline: 1 times
efricke mentions:
  @amronsomar: 1 times
askeduify mentions:
  @wordcouture: 1 times
  @eduifyWord: 1 times
adrianasassoon mentions:
  @tallivansunder: 1 times
  @babyboomerbev: 1 times
  @freyasbower: 1 times
  @SearchPeopleDir: 1 times
  @filzen: 1 times
rachiebabieja mentions:
  @ireggaedaycom: 1 times
popehat mentions:
  @RayBeckerman: 1 times
  @AlexC099: 1 times
  @amyderby: 1 times
radiopages mentions:
  @fridayluv: 1 times
  @money4tweets: 1 times
  @nicebio: 1 times
  @BarackBorat: 1 times
  @ImportantQuotes: 1 times
  @theladywrites: 1 times
  @KnightsWhoSayNi: 1 times
  @techwriter2: 1 times
mrnetty mentions:
  @kathybaka: 1 times
panicitsdavid mentions:
  @FxxxMyLife: 1 times
  @DeadCelebs: 1 times
  @Corpuschristinews: 1 times
heroesfan2 mentions:
federicobianchi mentions:
  @drmani: 1 times
scbennett mentions:
  @epiphanygirl: 1 times
  @DwightHoward: 1 times
  @THEREALSHAQ: 1 times
  @StephenAtHome: 1 times
arundo_donax mentions:
  @BakeMyFish: 1 times
mendedcrackpots mentions:
  @lizarddawg: 1 times
  @JamieGator: 1 times
  @JohnSWright49: 1 times
tjputerboy mentions:
  @EddieVanHalen: 1 times
